(ASP.NET SOFTWARE DEVELOPER)

                                                      RESUME

						  E-mail   : pravinbelurkar@gmail.com

Pravin R Belurkar.			             Mobile   : +91-9860481345 

OBJECTIVE:

         To seek a Challenging possession in a company where my
knowledge and     

         Capabilities are utilized for the best growth of organization
and my career. It is

         My Desire to become a valued member of a productive team where
I will have 

         the opportunity for advancement through own performance and
commitment.

Experience Summary:

Extremely motivated, result-oriented professional having 2.1 yrs of exp.
in Asp.NET

Good working experience on ASP. Net, C#, SQL Server 2000, VB.NET, Oracle
8i.

Knowledge on Object Orient Programming concepts (OOPS),

Hard working and capable of picking up the latest technologies with fast
learning.

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS:

Cource	School \ College	University \ Board	Year	Percentage

B.E.(Comp)	V.Y.W.S COE.,Badnera	Amravati University	June 2005	62.73 %

H.S.C.	Krishi Jr. college, Akot	Maharashtra	June 2001	74.17 %

S.S.C.	Krishi Vidyalaya,Akot	Maharashtra	June 1999	69.06 %



TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems		:	Windows 98/2000/XP, 2003, LINUX (intro).

Programming Languages	:	C#.NET, VB.NET, JavaScript, ASP 

Data Base			:	SQL SERVER 2000/05, Oracle 8i, MS-Access

Tools				:	Visual Studio 2003/05

Microsoft Technologies	:	ASP.NET, C#.NET, VB.NET, SQL SERVER 2000/05

WORK EXPERIENCE:

NucSoft Ltd.,Andheri(E)	Software Engineer	ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server 2000,
JScript	Feb-07 - till to date

Jainco Tech Pvt Ltd, Malad(W).	Software Developer	ASP.NET, C#, SQL
Server 2000,ASP, VBScript,Jscript, MySQL	Jun-05 to Feb-07



PROJECT SUMMERY:

Project #1 Title	Rabo BANK (Netherlands)

Project Duration 	6 months

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server 2000,javascript

Team size	5

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Software Engineer

Project details	Rabo BNAK is a global leader in sustainability-oriented
banking. The main aim behind this project is that the Rabo BANK wants to
give the credential loan to their clients for Netherlands branch. The
functionality of the project is on:

Maintaining the info about all department

Focus each department communicate or interact with one another on the
security level

Tracking the info about the client with the specific department

Maintaining the reports for the final processes , etc





Project #2 Title	Real Estate Agent (US based)

Project Duration 	5 months

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server 2000,javascript

Team size	5

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Software Developer

Project details	This is a web based application which is useful to Real
estate brokers and sales agents.   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estate_agent" \o "Estate agent"  Estate
agent  is the term used in the   HYPERLINK
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom" \o "United Kingdom" 
United Kingdom  to describe a person or organization whose business is
to   HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marketing" \o "Marketing" 
market  real estate on behalf of clients. The rate of commission varies
according to whatever the agent and broker agree on, the type of
property, and its value. This application plays the main role to
increase the commissions on sale and buy for agents.



Project #3 Title	Online Tracking System

Project Duration 	5 months

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server 2000,javascript

Team size	2

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Software Developer

Project details	This is online order tracking system, which keeps the
track of order received by company. Also the order lot completed by
company. It generates different types of reports.

Client Name	Jainco Tech Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.



Project #4 Title	Resume Management System (HR Management Module)

Project Duration 	3 months

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server 2000,javascript

Team size	2

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Software Developer

Project details	The motive of the application is to automate the
functionality of the Administrator Department of RBM. The functionality
of the application contains:

Managing all resumes and candidate info and searching candidates
according to different search criteria as per the requirement.

Maintaining history of employee, Salary Slip, bank statement, the
attendance and leave balance sheet etc.



Client Name	Jainco Tech Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.



Project #5 Title	Expense Process Unit 

Project Duration 	2 months

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server 2005,javascript

Team size	2

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Software Developer

Project details	Expense Process Unit is nothing but a department, which
track the information about all employees who works on different project
in CITY BANK. XPU department is mainly track the salary or expense on
all employees in all their branches.

Client Name	CITY BANK, Mumbai.



Project #6 Title	CAPS

Project Duration 	2 months 

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server 2000,javascript

Team size	2

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Web Developer

Project details	CAPS (Consumer Finance Application Processing System) is
web based application which will be capture the details of entire cycle
of loan processes at various levels and tracks the statuses of Loan
application. The main functionality of this De-Duplication module which
I have performed is to track, catch and find match records, so that it
will help the system to reject the new application, which have matches
with existing records.



Client 	HSBC BANK, Mumbai.



Project #7 Title	CMB Account Maintenance System

Project Duration 	3 months (in process)

Details of skills used	ASP.NET, C#.NET and MS-SQL Server
2000,javascript,VS 2005

Team size	7

Role 	Analysis, Design, Coding, Web Developer

Project details	The main objective of the project to convert the
existing system, which has currently doing by manually to automatic.
Because of dynamic changes in business there are multiple requests to
either migrate accounts from one to another or account officer code
changes. The functionality can be 

Administration Module

User Maintenance

AO Code Maintenance

GHO Code Maintenance

Business Module

Generate Request

Approve Request

Report Generation



Client	HSBC BANK, Mumbai.



PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name            	    :	Pravin R. Belurkar

Education     	    : 	B.E. (Comp. Sci. & Engg.)

Date of Birth		    :	20th March 1983

Address		    :	R. M. Belurkar, Somwar Ves, Akot-444101.

Languages Known	    : 	English, Marathi and Hindi

Interests & Hobbies   :     Music, Sports, Internet, & Traveling

Place: Mumbai					                                  Pravin Belurkar	

 PAGE   

 PAGE   3 

