Over 1.5 Years Experience in Visual Studio .Net (Vb.net,C#.net,Asp.net)

Mr.Prakash Jadhav

Plot No. 138/39,Mahaluxmi CHS,, Sector – 19-A, 

Near MSEB KoparKhairne,

New Bombay - 400 705

Phone: 9833853822

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:it.prakash03@gmail.com" 
it.prakash03@gmail.com 

BRIEF OVERVIEW 

Comfortable in working with various front-end tools like VB.NET,
ASP.NET.

Wide experience of coordinating work with clients and managing teams as
per project priorities.

Well versed with VB.NET, ASP.NET, Win form and C #.

Excellent background in object oriented design and development. Wide
experience of coordinating work with clients and managing teams as per
project priorities.

Well versed with VB.NET, ASP.NET.

Total IT Exp.2- Year

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AEON Software Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai

Projects:									Jan 2006 till date

Mukta Optician

User and System Administration

Front End: 	ASP.NET (VB.NET) 2003.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000

Team Size:	5

Brief Description: 

This is a web application designed and developed using asp.net (vb.net),
it includes modules like Stores and Inventory Management, Sales and
Distribution Management, Supporting Commercial Transaction,

Sahiauto.com

Front End:        ASP.NET (VB.NET) 2003.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000’

Team Size:	3

Role:		Programming, analysis and Database Development.

Client:		Kamlesh Chaudhari and Mr. Cole (UK Client) 

   Brief Description: 

   			  HYPERLINK "http://www.sahiauto.com"  www.sahiauto.com  is a
leading internet based vehicle company serving the Indian
market.sahiauto.com provides the best services for people looking to
buy, sell and rent any type of vehicles. There are three Modules-1.Buy
vehicles, 2.Sell vehicle, 3. Rental vehicle, we managed these three
things for –Cars, Motorbikes, vans & trucks.

4. Sahiproperty.com

Front End:	ASP.NET (VB.NET) 2003.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000

Team Size:	3

Role:		Programming, analysis and Database Development.

 Client:		Kamlesh Chaudhari and Mr. Cole (UK Client) 

 Brief Description:

                        HYPERLINK "http://www.sahiproperty.com" 
www.sahiproperty.com  is a leading internet based property company
serving the Indian market.sahiproperty.com provides the best services
for people looking to buy sell and rent any type of Properties. There
are three Modules-1.Buy properties, 2.Sell property, 3. Rental property.

5. Web Application for PNS Album

Front End:	ASP.NET (VB.NET) 2003.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000

Team Size:	2

Role:		Programming, analysis and Database Development.

 Client:		PNS Jewelers. 

Brief Description:

	This application is developed for P & S jewelers Mumbai to provide
facility to customer to view all the items and create their album of
jewellary.

This includes modules like Stock Transaction, Sales handling etc.

6. Mumbai Fish

Front End:	ASP.NET (VB.NET) 2003.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000

Team Size:	5

Role:		Programming, analysis and Database Development.

Brief Description:

Veltronic Software, Indore

VB.net and ASP.net .Programmer		May 2005- Desc 2005

Projects:

Sales purchase system for Purti Super Market(Winform application).

Front End:	C#.NET.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000

Client:		Purti super market Indore (sapana sangita branch)

Role:		Programming, analysis and Database Development

Brief:    This application developed for maintaining daily sales and
Purchase transactions..

  HYPERLINK "http://WWW.Zora.co.in"  WWW.Zora.co.in  web application for
computer help desktop.

Front End:	VB.NET.

Back End:	MS-SQLSERVER 2000

Client:	Zoeb Kamdar (Mumbai Central)

Role:		Programming, analysis and Database Development

Brief Description:

	This application developed for maintaining computer engineer and
provides help to customer. Also manages engineers’ calls.

Web Dunia(Indore):   HYPERLINK "http://WWW.webdunia.com(CMM3" 
WWW.webdunia.com(CMM3 )                      May 2005-Desc 2005

Projects

1. Worked on MSN Project for U.K. 

2. Worked on MSN Project for Australia.

EDUCATION

M.Sc. (IT) from School of Computer Science, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya
university department,    Indore (M.P.) with First class, May  2005.

B.Sc. (Computer Science) from Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore (M.P.)
with Second division, 2003.

H.Sc. from M.P. Board of Secondary Education, Bhopal with Second
division.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Language skills include VB.NET, ASP.NET (2003), C#.NET.

RDBMS: Operating systems: Windows XP, Windows 9x, Windows NT, MS-DOS,
Windows 2K.

Programming MS SQL Server 2000.

STRENGTHS

Self disciplined, self motivated and committed 

Excellent team mentoring and delegation skills and extremely resourceful

Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation ability

PERSONAL DETAILS

   Name	Prakash Jadhav	

Father’s Name:	Mr. Lakshaman Jadhav

Date of Birth:	4 June 1982.

Marital Status:	Unmarried.

Languages	English, Hindi.

Address:	Plot No. 138/39,Mahaluxmi CHS,, Sector – 19-A, 

                         Near MSEB KoparKhairne,.

Contact No	9833853822

E – Mail	  HYPERLINK "mailto:it.prakash03@gmail.com" 
it.prakash03@gmail.com 

Hobbies	Listening Music, Watching Movies & Playing computer games.

Place: Mumbai	 				Yours Faithfully					

Date:						Prakash Jadhav

Prakash Jadhav

Page   PAGE  2  of   NUMPAGES  3 

