  	June 15, 2007

Hi Mukesh!

   HYPERLINK
"http://recruiter.monsterindia.com/resumedatabase/add_notes.html?resid=3
527114&cflag=1&corpid=4728" \t "notesWin"  Add Notes to Resume 	(No
Notes)





 

Top of Form

  

  

 

Also include Resume Summary 

  

  

  

 



Last Active:  27 Mar 2007

Last Modified:  27 Mar 2007

 

 Resume Summary

 

Application for DOT NET professional 

 

Contact Information

 

 

Confidential

Confidential

Email: Confidential

Phone: Confidential

Mobile: Confidential

Current Location: Mumbai

 

Personal Information 

 

Date of Birth:  Not specified

Nationality:  Not specified

 

Professional & Educational Details 

 

Work Experience

4 years 7 months

Skills

dotnet,C#,asp.net,vb6,oracle,sqlserver,crystal report 

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer,Team Leader/ Technical Leader

Current Employer

Confidential 

Current Annual Salary

4.60 lacs per annum

Previous Employer

Proviz Solution 

Highest Degree Held

B.Com, Commerce, Mumbai University

Preferred Job Location

Delhi,Mumbai

 

 

 Domain Knowledge

 

 

Banking/ Financial Services,Consultancy

 

 Detailed Resume

Curriculum Vitae 

SUNIL LAKHANPAL 

Room No 2, Khaderu Chauhan Niwas, 

Near Hanuman Temple, Technical Area, 

Marol Pipe Line, Andheri Kurla Road, 

Andheri (E) Mumbai 400059 

Mob: 9892467911 

EMAIL: sunil.lakhanpal@gmail.com 

  HYPERLINK "mailto:sunil_lakhanpal@rediffmail.com" 
sunil_lakhanpal@rediffmail.com  

OBJECTIVE 

To obtain a position in the product development arm of an IT company
which offers a challenging work environment and utilizes my
creativeness, experience and fast-adaptability capabilities for
achieving the goals of the company. 

TECHNICAL SUMMARY 

4.7 years of IT experience out of which 2.7 years of experience is in
Microsoft Dot Net Web Solution, Internet applications over Windows
platforms and 2 years of experience in development of application in
client server technology. Strengths include Analysis, Design,
Development and Implementation of complex, mission-critical, multi-tier
applications and the ability to adapt as a strong Project leader, the
ability to learn new skills quickly and flexibly. 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

Software Development 

  Wide Experience on OO applications development and Internet based
application using Microsoft Dot Net Technologies. 

  Wide exposure to use various web designing tools. 

  Strong exposure to security services domain. 

Work Experience 

  Senior Software Engineer Cum Team Leader - Osource (India) Pvt.
(Lower Parel) Mumbai ( August 2004 - Till Date) 

  Software Programmer - Probiz Solutions (Lower Parel) Mumbai
(September 2002 - August 2004) 

Strengths 

  Excellent Client Interaction Skills. 

  Expertise in Microsoft Dot Net Technologies - Asp.net, XML, C# and
vb.net. 

  Excellent Documentation, Analysis and Database designing. 

  Expertise in Microsoft Client Server Technologies-Visual Basic 6. 

  Excellent experience in PL SQL programming. 

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE 

Technical Skills 

  Frameworks : Microsoft Framework2.0 

  Application servers : and iis6.0 

  Scripting Languages : JavaScript, AJAX 

  Designing tool : Adobe Photoshop, CorelDraw, Flash 

Software Development 

  Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, Visual Basic 6.0, VB.Net ,C#.
And Perl 

  Databases : Oracle10g, Sql Server 2000,and Sql Server 2005 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Osource (India) Pvt. Ltd, MUMBAI- INDIA 

August 2004 - Till Date 

PROJECT EXPERIENCE (LEADING AND PROGRAMMING) 

DMS: 

(Deal Management System) 

Client - Deutsche Bank (Mumbai) 

Dec 2006 - Till Date 

DMS provides organizations with real-time, browser-based access to their
worldwide sales information anytime, anywhere. It is further backed up
by various MIS/Analysis reports & dashboards. 

Roles & Responsibilities 

Client Interaction, Client Requirement Analysis, Documentation, Work
Allocation, Database Design, Designing and Development, 

Environment: 

IIS (Internet Information services), Windows Server 2003, Sql Server
2000, ASP.Net, C#, Crystal Report, JavaScript, Ajax 

iGATE-TRICS 

(Interactive Global Access to Time Sheet, Reimbursement, Invoices and
Collection System) 

Client BMR & ASSOCIATE - Fort (Mumbai) [ON SITE] 

Mar 2006 - Nov 2006 

IGAT-TRICS is a web based comprehensive software for BMR & ASSOCIATE.
The company is a premier professional services firm focused on providing
high quality services in the tax and regulatory area. The application
automates several tasks performed by employees of the BMR & ASSOCIATE,
so as to move towards a paper free office. 

IGAT-TRICS incorporate these modules: 

1) Time Sheet Module enable user to submit and approve time sheet
online. It facilitates management to generate the production report,
project wise ledger and employee chargeability report. This facility
provides the project wise status and employee status, 

2) Travel Ticketing Module enable user to apply claim for business
purpose travel. Approval of traveling claims and settling the travel
expenses, Status enquiry is possible through the system. This enquiry
facility of getting claims is reduced paper work, telephonic queries and
all that, thus saving cost and time, and improving employee's
satisfaction. 

3) Leave Module enables user to apply and approve leaves online, also it
enables user to view his current status of leaves and leave
applications. Approval workflow in place for online approval.
Attendance, leave report, Year-End process for Exempt and Non Exempt
employees is also provided. 

4) Reimbursement Module enables user to claim for business purpose
expenses, and claim the facilities provided by the company. It
facilitates the management to keep the record of claim against employee
wise which reduce the paper work and \reduce the processing time. 

5) Invoicing Module enables Management to generate the online Invoices
and approval against the production. This provides the mobility facility
of generating the invoice. 

6) Collection Module enables Management to punch the collection against
the Invoices. It facilitates management to generate the Ageing Register,
Outstanding register, Debtors Status, Debtor wise Collection and MIS
Reports 

Roles & Responsibilities 

Client Interaction, Client Requirement Analysis, Documentation, Work
Allocation, Database Design, Designing and Development, 

Environment: 

IIS (Internet Information services), Windows Server 2003, Oracle 10g,
ASP.Net, C#, Crystal Report, JavaScript, Ajax 

GAMTRICS 

(Global Accounts Management and Time Sheet, Reimbursement, Invoices,
Collection System) 

Client Zavata Inc. [US BPO&CALL CENTER] - (Hyderabad) [ON SITE] 

Apr 2005 - Feb 2006 

GAMTRICS is web based software for Zavata Inc. The company is a business
process outsourcing (BPO) & Call Center that provides technology-based
BPO solutions to healthcare payers and providers, the insurance and
corporate sector, as well as government and public health agencies. The
application automates several tasks performed by employees of the
Zavata, so as to move towards a globally accessing office. 

GAMTRICS incorporates these modules: 

1) Accounts Receivable Module initiated the process of generation of
customer bills on the basis of the contract information, Time & Expense
Statements. Post processing, the module had the facility of generation
draft invoices which post-approval by authorized personnel, were posted
to the respective ledgers. The module has also the facility of tracking
the customer outstanding. 

2) Accounts Payable Module provided the window for processing of the
employee expense claims, vendor bills and emergency payment requests.
The module is completely based on pre-defined workflow. 

3) Budgeting Module provided the facility of input of the budget
information and tracking & analyzing the same with the actual
expenses/revenues. 

4) Time Sheet Module enable user to submit and approve time sheet
online. It facilitates management to generate the production report,
project wise ledger and employee chargeability report. This facility
provides the project wise status and employee status, 

5) Reimbursement Module enables user to claim for business purpose
expenses, and claim the facilities provided by the company. It
facilitates the management to keep the record of claim against employee
wise which reduce the paper work and \reduce the processing time. 

8) Invoicing Module enables Management to generate the online Invoices
and approval against the production. This provides the mobility facility
of generating the invoice. 

9) Collection Module enables Management to punch the collection against
the Invoices. It facilitates management to generate the Ageing Register,
Outstanding register, Debtors Status, Debtor wise Collection and MIS
Reports 

Roles & Responsibilities 

Client Requirement Analysis, Documentation, Work Allocation, Designing
and Development, 

Environment: 

IIS (Internet Information services), Windows Server 2003, Oracle 10g,
ASP.Net, C#, Crystal Report, JavaScript, Ajax 

4. KALP-ERP (Kalpataru Enterprise Resource Planning): 

Client KALPATARU CONSTRUCTION GROUP - (Mumbai) 

Sep 2004 - Mar 2005 

Kalpataru Constructions is one of the largest and reputed construction
companies in India presently engaged in the construction of diverse
residential and commercial projects. The Integrated System is flexible
software designed to meet the ease of use and adoptability for business
environment. 

KALP-ERP incorporates these modules: 

1) Financial Accounting Module this module handles all types of
accounting needs of Kalpataru. The main sub-modules are Account
Receivable, Account Payable and General Ledger. All the financial
accounting sub-modules are integrated with other modules. The grouping
hierarchy is useful in maintaining the statutory reports like Balance
Sheet, Trial Balance and Profit and Loss statement. 

2) Inventory & Purchase Accounting Module this module keeps track and
control of inventory. It also keeps track of budgeted quantity against
actual quantity consumed. System gives various reports such as stock
summary, periodic consumption and rate analysis. 

3) Marketing & Sales Management Module this module contains mainly flat
sales and customer related activities. System keeps the track of all the
processes related to customers such as Customer Inquires, Booking of
Flats, Payment schedules and Customer Outstanding etc. The system gives
various periodic reports related to sales, market competition and
competitor's analysis. 

4) Payroll/Human Resources Module The Payroll Module will maintain all
information related salary. The main components in this module are
Monthly Inputs and salary process, Keep track of Employee's Investment
Details, Tax calculations and printing of statutory forms and formats,
Salary Uploads and Reports like Tax Challan, Pay slip, Salary Registers,
etc 

5) User Access Profile Management Module The proposed system shall have
a multi-level access management system to control access to the system
for authorized users only. 

Roles & Responsibilities 

GUI design, Database Design, Development, and Testing & Deployment. 

Environment: 

Visual Basic 6.0, Crystal Report, Oracle 8i 

PROBIZ SOLUTION, MUMBAI- INDIA 

September 2002 - August 2004 

PROJECT EXPERIENCE (PROGRAMMING) 

During my association with Probiz Solutions, the key projects on which I
have worked are tabulated hereunder: 

Sr. 

Application 

Client 

Technology 

1 

3D-ERP 

3D NETWORK 

Visual Basic 6.0,Crystal Report, Oracle 8i 

2 

EOPCS (E-Office Planetone Customer Software) 

E-OFFICE PLANETONE PVT. LTD 

Visual Basic 6.0,Crystal Report, SqlServer 2000 

3 

Payroll System 

HDFC BANK,KALPATARU 

Visual Basic 6.0,Crystal Report, Oracle 8i 

4 

CFTMS (Credit Finance Transaction Management System) 

TATA TELE SERVICES 

Visual Basic 6.0,Crystal Report, Ms Access 2000 

5 

Vendor Payment System 

TATA TELE SERVICES 

Visual Basic 6.0,Crystal Report, Ms Access 2000 

6 

PF Management System 

䵁塅䙐⠠流牥捩湡䔠灸敲獳倠⥆ഠ楖畳污䈠獡捩㘠〮䌬
祲瑳污删灥牯ⱴ獍䄠捣獥⁳〲〰ഠ㜍ഠ佂呁⠠䅂䭎传⁆
䵁剅䍉⁁剔单⥔ഠ䅂䭎传⁆䵁剅䍉⁁嘍獩慵⁬慂楳⁣⸶
ⰰ牃獹慴⁬敒潰瑲‬獍䄠捣獥⁳〲〰ഠ倍佒䕆卓佉䅎⁌
啑䱁䙉䍉呁佉⁎

  Diploma in E-DIST (Engineering Diploma in Software Technology) from
COMPUTER STATION INC. Jogeshwari (West) 

  Pursuing MCA from IGNOU (INDIRA GANDHI NATIONAL OPEN UNIVERSITY). 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 

  Bachelor Degree in commerce From Mumbai University, (Mumbai) in
March 2002. 

  Schooling from Himachal Pradesh Board 

  NCC `C' certificate. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Date of Birth : 26 September 1980 

Place of Birth : Himachal Pradesh 

Permanent Address : Room No2, Khaderu Chauhan Niwas, 

Near Hanuman Temple, Technical Area, 

Marol Pipe Line, Andheri Kurla Road, 

Andheri (E) Mumbai 400059 

(Sunil Lakhanpal) 

Page 5of 5 

 

 

Top of Form

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

摧൒²h欀塤

Y

Z

[

½

¾

¿

À

Á

Â

Ã

hR

hR

̟頻

B

_

`

a

Ù

 

>

?

@

A

B

O

^

_

`

a

b

c

hR

hR

hR

hR

 hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

a

b

o	Å

gdR

kd

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

Y

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

a$gdR

a$gdR

a$gdR

gdR

gdR

gdR

	

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

>

gdR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

gdR

a$gdR

gdR

gdR

a$gdR

gdR

gdR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

gdR

a$gdR

gdR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

gdR

gdR

gdR

gdR

gdR

gdR

a$gdR

gdR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

kd

kd

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

hR

  

  

Bottom of Form

 

 

Also include Resume Summary 

  

  

  

Bottom of Form

 

 

 





