Sudarshan Ramchandra Naik

Mob. No: 9890696767               

E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:sudnaik007@.rediffmail.com" 
sudnaik007@.rediffmail.com 

             

Objective

Seeking challenging assignments in Software Development with a
technology driven organization of repute. 

Synopsis

A self-motivated professional with over 2 years of experience in various
phases of Software development life cycle. 

Currently designated as an Engineer (Software Developer) in CMC Limited,
A TATA Enterprise. 

A team player with exemplary communication, analytical and problem
solving skills.

Academic Credentials

M.C.A. 		Shivaji University, Kolhapur	2005		58.92%	

B. Sc.		Shivaji University, Kolhapur	2002		62.84%

H.S.C.		Kolhapur Divisional Board		1999		53.00%

S.S.C.		Kolhapur Divisional Board		1997		66.40%

Skill Preview 

Operating Systems	: Windows 9x/NT/XP/2000/Server 2003 

Languages Known	: VB and VB.Net 

Databases	: MS Access, Microsoft Sql Server 2000

Web Related Tools	: HTML, Java Script, ASP.Net 

Organizational Experience

Since Sep 06 with CMC Limited, Pune as Software Engineer

CMC Limited is a TATA enterprise and CMM Level 5 Company and one of the
largest and oldest Information Technology Corporations in India
specializing in large turnkey projects. 

Chief Projects Handled

Title:	CADB: Criminal Attribute Database System.

Client: 	Criminal Investigation Department (CID), Maharashtra Police

Duration:	Sep’06 to till date

Technologies Used:	VB.NET, ASP.NET, Sql Server 2000, Windows 2000

Team Size:	5	

Role:		Team Member

Scope:	To store details of all the criminals along with their
photographs, a common number to the fingerprints, which allows them to
be traced in case there is a match of a fingerprint in the scene of
crime and the database. The Software stores all the necessary
information of the criminal which include the DOB, major head of crime,
arrest date, sections under which arrested and jail where confined

.

From Aug-05 To Aug-06 with CalQuan India, Pune as Software Engineer

CalQuan India is a software solution provider for civil engineering and
infrastructure development companies since

1992. Software for highways, Cannels, Dams, Tunnels, Airports, Railways.
All most all infrastructure development companies in India use
CalQuan’s software

Chief Projects Handled

Title:	Management Information System For Road (MIS)  

Client:	Sadbhav Engineering Limited, Ahamadabad, Gujarat.

Duration:	Aug ‘05 To  Aug ‘06

Technologies Used:	VB, ASP. Net, Microsoft Sql-Server 2000, Windows
Server 2003.

Team Size:	4	

Role:	Team Member

Scope: 	Management Information System For Highway (MIS).  The system
keeps the information of Resources (inwards, issue, transfer, dispatch),
Resource Processors (Time log, Consumption, Production) and Daily
Progress Report for Work done on Structure and Highway.  The core part
of system is planning i.e. estimation of work.    

From Dec-04 To Jun-05   with Deeksha systems, Pune as Trainee (Software
Developer)

                                           

Title:	Digital Library.

Duration:	Dec’04 to Jun’05

Technologies Used:	Windows 2000, ASP.Net, and Microsoft Sql-Server 2000

Team Size:	5	

Role:		Team Member

Scope:                                The software was developed for
institute in education sector. Digital Library is electronic extension
of functions users typically perform and the resources they access in a
traditional library. These information resources can be translated into
digital form, stored in multimedia repositories and made available
through web-based services.

Personal Details

Permanent Address: 	At-Nagaon, 

		Post-Ispurli, 

		Tal- Karveer,  

		Dist- Kolhapur, 

		State- Maharashtra, 

		India. Pin-416207. 

Telephone No:       	0231-2356184

Date of Birth:        	Aug 21, 1982

Sex: 		Male.

Marital status:   	Single

