                                                        Vinay Bhardwaj,

         			         (Contact No.:098214-08222

 			                            ( E-Mail:   vinay.pandit@yahoo.com

Vinay Bhardwaj

Objective			 

     

To pursue a challenging career in a progressive environment where
learning, innovation and creativity are encouraged, where my skill set
can be enhanced to their maximum potential to contribute to the overall
success and growth of the organization.

Summary			 

Development in   JAVA, JSP, SERVLETS, JAVA BEANS, JDBC, Oracle 9i

Good handling on Analysis & Design of Algorithms.

Good handling on Front End Design.

Very good handling on PL/SQL.

Company :          In-Solution Global Pvt. Ltd

Position   :          Programmer under IT Division.

About       :         The Company is a Banking Solutions provider. It
provides end-to-end solutions in Credit Card & Debit Cards. We have a
direct interaction with Master Card, Visa and EuroNet. We have various
honorable banks as our Clients & we supply solutions for them.

Project     :	  ONLINE EXCEPTION REPORT	

Client       :          BOB Cards

Duration  :          7th  Nov  2006 –  April 2006

Nature      :         It generates the report on various issue on online
Exception.

Team size:          4

Job Profile:        Maintenance and Support. 

 Responsibility includes developing some JSP pages and Java files to
generate report. Oracle9i as backend for the project.

Project     :          PREPAID CARD HOST

Client       :           Product of our Company under development

Duration  :           May 2006    -  till now

     Nature     :          ISG Pre-Paid card solution is a multi
functional card based solution  

    . It enables the Bank to issue pre-paid cards to customer for
multiple applications  

     like Traveler’s Card, Gift Card, Salary Card. Prepaid Cards
solution is designed to  

    manage the entire life cycle of the Pre-paid cards standing from
customer application 

    capture, maintaining account information, Card Issuance, Card
Activation, processing 

    and authorization transactions, Transaction Settlement, Queries,
Reports and 

    Customer Service. Issuers can use the Pre-paid card solution for
some or all aspects 

    of issuing pre-paid  cards and processing pre-paid card
transactions. The value of the 

    pre-paid card resides on the Pre- Paid system and is decreased by
the value of 

    transactions made by the cardholder and any fees charged by the
Issuer. 

    Team size   :           4

    Job Profile  :          Responsibility includes functional design
and developing Front-

    end of application using  Java, Jsp, Servlet, Java Beans and write
Query as per 

    requirement. Oracle9i as backend for the application. For security
purpose we used 

    MVC Architecture, and to reduce human error we used Maker-Checker
Concept. 

Company :          Adroitech  Pvt. Ltd

Position   :          Graduate under trainee.

Duration  :           29 Aug 2005    -  1st  Nov 2005

    Job Profile  :       Responsibility includes functional design and
developing Employee        

    Information Management System.

 

Professional Qualification		

       Name of Exam.		        Board/University	   Percentage	  Division

B.E. (Computers)	        S.G.S.I.T.S.  Indore (M.P.)	69.8%	1st

Intermediate 	        M.P. Board	83.4%	1st

10Th 	        M.P. Board	80.2%	1st

Technical Proficiency		

Database Engine	Oracle 9i (Toad, PLSql Developers)

Web server	 JBOSS 4.0.2

Languages	Java, J2EE

Operating System	Windows-NT, Linux

Web Tools	JSP and HTML, java script

Personal Skills		

Believe in three D’s of success: Determinant, Dedication and
Discipline

Having a habit of involving and enjoying 100% what ever work is assigned


Believe in Team work

Diligent and Quick learner.

Ready to accept challenges.

Personal Profile                       		

Father Name			:	Mr. R. S. Bhardwaj

Date of Birth			:	13/07/1982

Sex				         :	Male

Hobbies 			         :	Event management, making toys from 

                                                     mud, swimming. 

          Strengths	                          :   	Hardworking,
Self-learning, and ability to   

                                                              Learn new
things very quickly

Declaration		

    	

	I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the
best of my knowledge.

Date: 

Place: Mumbai             		                    	                 (Vinay
Bhardwaj)

