Curriculum Vitae

YOGESH  M. LAD           

403/B22 SCN,

Thakur Complex, Kandivali (E),

Mumbai- 400101.                                                         
                                 (  : +91-9860192268

	  			                                         

Mail to: yogesh.m.lad@gmail.com	      

	

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To become a successful IT professional, excel and explore my knowledge
in the field of IT industry. Work with an organization which gives me
chance to learn new challenging things as well as opportunities to
implement my knowledge.

SUMMARY: 

Graduate Engineer with 1.8 Year of good experience in Java/J2EE
Technologies.

Comfortable with Core Java, Servlet, JSP, Struts, MySQL.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE INCLUDES: 

 

Experience in developing Web based applications with Object based
programming and relational databases.

Hands on experience with developing applications using Core Java, JSP,
Servlet, Struts.

Good experience in working with Framework Struts, Spring, Hibernate.

SKILL SET: 

Technologies 		             Core Java, Servlet, Jsp, Struts, HTML, Java
Script 

Tools	      		             Eclipse, ExadelStudio

Operating Systems	             Windows 9x/2k/ XP 

Enterprise Edition                  	MySQL Server

Server				Apache Tomcat, JBOSS

Framework                                       Struts

      Other Skills                                       MS OFFICE

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

Bachelor of Engineering (E & TC) from Govt. College of Engg. Amravati.
July 2005 with First class 62.38 %. 

Diploma (E.C.E.) from Govt. Polytechnic Khamgaon. In 2002 .With First
Class 71.05%.

WORK EXPERIENCE: 

Currently working with RUBICON INFO SOLUTIONS Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai from Feb
2007 up to till date as Assistant Software Engineer.

Previously worked with VIRTUAL SOFT IT SOLUTIONS PVT. Ltd. PUNE from
Sept. 2005  to Feb 2007  as Jr. Software Engineer.

PROJECT DETAILS

Project # 1

Title:			               BuyersFindSellers.com

Environment:         Java, JSP, Servlet, Struts, Spring, Hibernate,
JBOSS, Apache Tomcat.

            BuyersFindSellers.com provides online business facilities
for sellers as well as buyers.

Project # 2

Title	:		           Hindustan Petroleum Gas Agency

Environment:			java, jsp, servlet, MySql, ApacheTomcat.

Hindustan Petroleum Gas Agency Software (HPGAS) is designed to help
perform day-to-day activities at the gas agency effectively, resulting
into better customer service and customer satisfaction. This project can
maintain the centralized database of various dealers and maintain
information about day to day activities such as control of daily refill
orders, registration and stock and availability of various queries and
reports.

As a Technical team Member, Developing module in Consumer Department,
which includes Registration, connection details, termination, transfer,
etc.

Project # 3

Title	:		              R.H.K. Avertisement Ltd.

Environment:			Java,Jsp, MySql , Apache Tomcat.

This Project mainly deals with the Publishing Advertisement Information
and advertisement related processes. By this system R.H.K. Advertisement
Ltd. can maintain like Customer information, Newspaper information, rate
information, bill information and release order information etc.  

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

Member of I.E.T.E. New Delhi.

Certificates in English and Marathi Typing, Drawing (Intermediate).

Participate in singing and drama in social gathering.

Participate in college level Paper Presentation.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Date of Birth		 :  1ST Sept. 1981

Sex			 :  Male

Marital Status	              :  Single

Nationality		 :  Indian

Languages Known	 :  English, Hindi, Marathi

Strengths                       :  Quick learner, Self Motivated, Self
Confidence, Effective Team player,  

                                           Good communication skill.    
  .	

Current Location           : Mumbai 

Permanent Address      :  Plot No. 24, Keshav Nagar, Khamgaon, Dist.
Buldhana,

			    Maharashtra- 444303.

DECLARATION

 I hereby solemnly declare that all the statements made in the above are
true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I would be
obliged if I am endowed with an opportunity to serve your organization.

DATE: 

PLACE: Mumbai

                                                                        
                    (YOGESH M. LAD)

                                                                        
                  

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

