B/310,Anjali Apt.,

B.P.Road,

Bhayander(E)

Pin: 401105

                                                                        
                                   Contact: (Mob) 9833252307

(Res) 022-65721280

E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:hemkant_cool@yahoo.com" 
hemkant_cool@yahoo.com  

HEMKANT    H.   CHAVAN

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

Seeking a challenging avenue where  my technical expertise & potential
match the growth & strengths of  organization  &  to contribute to the
organizational goal betterment of career prospects & equipping myself
with rich technical knowledge.

Professional Experience 

 

 1.3 Year of experience in C-Edge (A TCS - SBI Enterprise)  working as 
Assistant System Analyst.  Working on Java, Unix, Oracle 9i  till date.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages     :   JAVA ,  C,C++,Cobol, Perl, Shell scripting, Rational
Rose 

 

Web Tech.      :  JAVA   SERVLETS, JSP , HTML ,DHTML, J2EE (EJB , JMS)

	

Servers	   :  J2EE 1.4 Application server, Tomcat Apache 4.0            
            

     

Databases	   :  Oracle 9i  , Oracle 10g Express Edition

Platform(O.S)   : Unix ( HP-UX) , Windows 2000,Windows XP

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

Bachelor in Computer Engineering (BE)

	    Year of Completion:  2005

	    College     :   K.C. College of engineering, Thane, 

	    Affiliated  :  Mumbai University.

                Percentage:  63%

H.S.C

	    Year of Completion:  2001

	    College     :  M.V.L.U.  College of Arts, Science & Commerce,
Andheri 

	    Affiliated  :  Maharashtra State Board

                Percentage:  74.33% 

S.S.C

	    Year of Completion: 1999

	    College     :  Sarawati  Vidyalaya High School, Bhayander(E)  

	    Affiliated  :  Maharashtra State Board

          Percentage: 76.80%

PROJECT DETAILS

FINAL YEAR PROJECT:  Implemented Voice over Internet protocol (VoIP)

            	                       I.e.  Internet  Telephony over the
LAN.

                                          	This project consists of
Telephone interaction by

                                                Sending Voice or data
over the the network in the 

                                                Form of Digitized
packets.

Professional Experience

1. 

Company name 		: C-Edge(A TCS - SBI Enterprise)

Duration 			: April 2006 â€“ Till date. 

Designation			: Assistant System Analyst.

Product	: FNS B@NCS24

Client	: Municipal Co-operative Bank (MCB)

Environment	: Unix,COBOL, & Oracle.

Job Description	: The Core Banking System (CBS) is a centralized
processing system for banking operations. It is an integrated
application & caters to Indian Banking requirements. CBS comprises of
modules like Loans, Deposits, CIF, BGL, Remittances...

Responsibilities:

Application building i.e. intergrating all the components of B@ANCS24
into a single entity  in Unix  and  bringing up the application 

Creating and maintaining the database for the application  using  

      Oracle 9i.

Configuring  the Front End application , B@NCSLINK.

Implemented Bancs-24 in the Branch server of MCB OCTERI ,Mulund Check
naka.

Implementing Bancs -24 in  Oracle 10G express edition as a demand of
Client.

C.D.C Activities

Taking Backup and Scheduling it.

Maintenance of Tapes and Tapes Recovery.

Performance tuning of Backup.

2.

Company name 		: Relational Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

Duration 			: Nov 2005  to  March 2006 

Designation			: Software Developer

Environment	: Java (Core),Servlets, Ejb & Oracle.

Job Description	: Developing applications and programmes in Java        
     (Core , Servlets ) as   per the Integration Process for different
clients in Web Domain

Responsibilities                : 

Developing Programmes in Core Java .

Developing Application using Swings and Oracle 9i.

Developing sites in Servlets along Oracle 9i as backend Database Apache
Tomcat 4.0 as WebServer.

Small Projects on Ejb with minimal amount of  Business Logic in 
Integration with Servlets . (Implementation of  MVC Architecture) using
J2ee 1.4 application Server.

TRAININGS

Java   From  Infotech

J2EE  From  SSI

Attended  Technical Seminars on CDMA  & GPS Mobile Systems , LINUX

Attended  Workshops on Computer  assembling, Thakur College of          
           Engg.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Name				: Hemkant   H. Chavan

Date Of Birth			: 11TH   Aug.  1982

Marital Status		: Single.

E-Mail ID			:    HYPERLINK "mailto:hemkant_cool@yahoo.com" 
hemkant_cool@yahoo.com  

Contact No			: (R) 022-65721280

				  (M) 9833252307

Languages Known		: English , Hindi ,  Marathi .	

Hobbies                                : Reading Technical Magazines,
Watching movies,

                                                Listening Music         
                              

PassPort No.		          : G0569519

EXTRA CURRICULAR

Second Prizes Winner in Intra College Cricket Tournament 

REFERENCES              

	

Vishal Thale             Team  Leader            C-Edge         
9819113964

Suhas Nande            Module Leader            C-Edge-       9323796873

Rajanikant Shetty     Software Engg         Infosys  (banglore)  
09986283470         

DECLARATION

I, hereby declare that the above information provided is correct and
true to the best of my knowledge.

							Hemkant Chavan                                                   
  

