CURRICULUM VITAE

   Shyama Prasad Bhattacharjee                                          
                  Room no-305   

   E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:shyama4u_ever@yahoo.co.in" 
shyama4u_ever@yahoo.co.in                                               
   Datar Colony 

   PH      : 09819399303                                                
                             Shivdarshan	   	 

 Bhandup East

 Mumbai

________________________________________________________________________
__________

Objective                                                               
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                      

To achieve high career growth in technology through continuous learning.
Being a performance motivated professional, I love to grow with my
organization. Passionate of learning new things in technology.

Summary

( Around  2  years  of  work experience in the field of JAVA/J2EE.

( Masters in Computer Application with specialization in J2EE/Web
Technologies. 

Profile:

sincere, responsible and fast learner. Can work independently and as
part of a team. Strong initiative and application to work,good at
communication.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:

MCA                  :   From Institute Of Management And Information
Technology , Cuttack.

                               Utkal University, Orissa , 2005

                               Marks- 74% 

Educational Qualification:

+3(Hons.)           : From Christ College , Cuttack.

                              Utkal University , Orissa , 2001.

                              Marks-72.25% (Physics Hons)

+2(Sc)                : From Christ College , Cuttack.

                             Council of   Higher Secondary Education,
Orissa , 1998.

                             Marks-60%

Class X              : From Christ Collegiate School , Cuttack.

                             Board of Secondary Education , Orissa , 
1996.

                             Marks-  72.8%

Work Experience:

Company	Designation	Duration



2) MECHSOFT (Current Organization)

1) Java Point System Pvt Ltd 

     

	

Software Engineer

Project Trainee	

Jan 2006 – Till date

Feb 2005- Aug 2005





Computer Competency:

Operating System	Windows XP ,Windows 2000,windows 98

Database	SQL Server 2000.

Web Servers	Tomcat 4.1,5.0,5.5 

Application Server	IBM Web Sphere 6.0

Languages  	JAVA, C, C++

Persistence	OJB

Java Technologies	Struts, Servlet, JSP, Javabeans, JDBC

Frameworks	Struts 1.1, 1.2.9 

IDE’s & Tools	Eclipse (3.0, 3.1), Rational Application Developer, Edit
Plus, Open STA Testing tool. 

Scripting Language	Java Script, Ajax (1.2)



             Skill Set:

	

Experienced in all phases of web development life cycle(SDLC).

Developed Web Application based on MVC design pattern involving JSP,
Servlet, JavaScript, HTML, XML using Struts framework

Data base design 

Interacted directly with clients at various levels in the Project
Development Life Cycle

Technical Assignments:

	

Project Title	 (B2B,B2C Engine) 

Environment	JSP, Servlet, OJB, XML, Struts (1.2.9), Java Beans, Java
Script,SQL Server 2000, IBM App server Windows XP SP2.

Role: System study, design and coding, Configuration coordinator, Test
plan 

Project Details:

	     	Our Project is neither a franchise nor a consortium but an online
community which facilitates online travel transactions. It uses the
concept of Virtual Travel Stores (VTS) the selling community and
Purchasing Partners (PP) the supplier community, thus bringing them
together and facilitating travel e-commerce transactions  and Booking
Engine (IDBE).  

                    The Highly sophisticated Internet Distribution &
Booking Engine provides a distribution database to any Virtual Travel
Store™ (VTS), a Web Portal, a hotel Web site or a traditional travel
agency or a tour operator that wants to offer real-time reservations on
the Web.This Booking Engine offer products for the following: 

1. Business to Consumer (B2C)      2. Business to Business
(B2B)     3. Call Center Edition  

           

	

Project Title	Administrator 

Environment	JSP, Servlet, XML, Struts (1.2.9), Java Beans, Java
Script,SQL Server, IBM App server Windows XP SP2.

Role: System study, design and coding, Configuration coordinator, Test
plan 

Project Details:

	     	Project is about feeding the Information of players involved in
the IDBE like Sales agents, Call center agents, Pay Broker agents, TRez
agents, Purchase partner Fee ranges, Rules for Paybroker, Call center,
Privacies etc. Also Admin can block particular countries. He can
generate reports. Inter A/C transfer can be done by Admin for major
players are VTS, PP and FA, PB,Trez. Admin can activate or deactivate
the player to include or not to include in the system. Admin can add new
credit card for system through this site. He can set up the Attraction
through this site. In Attraction he can add the tickets also for the
respective countries. ….

                   Admin can localize Sales agent along with his
supporting players to their localized currency…             



	

Project Title	Sales Agent

Environment	JSP, Servlet, XML, Struts (1.2.9), Java Beans, Java Script,
SQL Server, IBM App server Windows XP SP2.

Role: System study, design and coding, Configuration coordinator, Test
plan 

Project Details:

	     	Project is about providing the information of Flight, Hotel, Car,
Attraction  and Creating remaining players of this system like VTS
(Virtual Travel Agent = B2C,B2B sites),PP(Purchasing
Partner),FA(Fulfillment Agent). Sales Agent can add above information
i.e. can create players. Client can manage Fee Parameters of its players
.Sales Agent can activate or deactivate the player (its client) .The
Client acts as multiple VTS or PP or FA or either combination of both.
to include or not to include in the system. Player can reject or accept
to each other like PP can manage VTS and VTS can manage PP. There is one
more player in the system named as sub-agent. Client can set the
sub-agent information along with bank details. This sub-agent can set
his commission on B2B (Business to Business) site. GDS for Hotel service
is THUNDERHOTEL, PEGASUS and ALLIED TPRO. The Sales Agent can assign FA
to fulfill the services of VTS.

                    The fees included are GDS pass through fees,
Recurring fees (TRez Setup Fee etc.), Non-recurring Fees are as,

        For Flight   – Per Ticket, Per PNR 

        For Car      - 24 Hours daily, Per PNR

        For Hotel    - Per Person Per PNR, Per Person Per Night, Per
Person Per PNR 

                           Per Night, Per PNR etc.

        For Attraction – Per Ticket, Per PNR.

                    Each service contains other taxes and Revenue share
for the respective players.

Every players has his wallet ID which is given by Pay Broker for their
bank transactions…   

          



Project Title	Client

Environment	JSP, Servlet, XML, Struts (1.2.9), Java Beans, Java Script,
SQL Server, IBM App server Windows XP SP2.

Role: System study, design and coding, Configuration coordinator, Test
plan 

Project Details:

	     	Project is about providing the Information of Flight, Hotel, Car,
Attraction And Contract for Purchase Partner services etc. Client can
manage Fee Parameters of its players (major players are VTS, PP and FA).
Client can activate or deactivate the player to include or not to
include in the system. Player can reject or accept to each other like PP
can manage VTS and VTS can manage PP. There is one more player in the
system named as sub-agent. Client can set the sub-agent information
along with bank details. This sub-agent can set his commission on B2B
(Business to Business) site. GDS for Hotel service is THUNDERHOTEL,
PEGASUS and ALLIED TPRO.

                         This also manages Published and Negotiated fees
of each service. These fees are as,

Published Fees – Markup Fees and Shipping Fees.

Negotiated Fees – Shipping Fees, Taxes Fees, Other Fees etc.

                         Client Module also handles all the eNewsletters
and registered for the respective Sales Agent. The eNewsletters may be
weekly, monthly, quarterly ,Half yearly and Yearly. Also manage each
player. The client mainly creates the contracts for each service using
this module. The different contracts set up the fees according to the
fees of GDS and remaining players of the systems like VTS, PP, FA, PB,
TRez, Call Center Guy etc.  Client can approve his contracts. Also he
can manage VTS/B2C,B2B site for the respective contracts along with
their fees. Client mainly related to VTS,FA and PP in this module.
Client can assign VTS for FA………

             

	

Project Title	B2C Sites

Environment	JSP, Servlet, OJB, XML, Struts (1.2.9), Java Beans, Java
Script, SQL Server, IBM App server Windows XP SP2.

Role: System study, design and coding, Configuration coordinator, Test
plan 

Project Details:

	     	B2C Sites are booking site where any user directly go and search
for any service like FLIGHT, HOTEL, CAR and ATTRACTION. My Module is
HOTEL in which I am getting the information from GDS i.e,From AlliedTpro
, Pegasus, Thunder Hotel and then parsing data. For searching HOTEL
information we send the XML request to GDS. There are three different
search criteria, Searching for Address, City and for Airport code. Steps
for searching and booking Hotel.

1.  End user will search Hotel by providing search parameters as above.

Different Hotel information will be displayed to end user. User can view
particular Hotel details.

If user selects a particular Hotel then he will sign in and provide some
personal information of guest that is going to stay in Hotel. 

We allow him to furnish credit card details / payment gateway and then
send request for booking to GDS then give the Confirmation Number and
send Email to him.

All the players involved in the system will get their amount as booking
happens as the fee setup is performed in Client, Sales and Admin
modules.

             

				

		

Personal Details:

       Father’s   Name  :  Sudhansu Shekhar Bhattacharjee

       Date of  Birth      : 28-05-1981

       Religion              :  Hinduism

       Nationality          :  Indian

       Marital  Status    :  Unmarried

Declaration:-

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:-

Date :-							            (Signature)

			     

