 

	Contact Information

 

 

Manish Ranipa

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:ranipa_mm@rediffmail.com" 
ranipa_mm@rediffmail.com 

Phone: Not specified

Mobile: 098336 81737

Current Location: Mumbai

 

	Personal Information 

 

Date of Birth:   1 Sep 1983

Gender:  Male

Nationality:  India

 

	Professional & Educational Details 

 

Work Experience

2 years 4 months

Skills

VB.Net/ASP.Net/Sql Sever 

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP,Finance & Accounts

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Employer

Indiainfoline LTD 

Current Annual Salary

1.50 lacs per annum

Previous Employer

Core SoftTech 

Work Authorization

Need H1 Visa - Authorized to work in United Kingdom

Highest Degree Held

B.E/B.Tech, Computers, Saurashtra University

Preferred Job Location

Bangalore,Delhi,Mumbai,Pune

 

	Skills Information 

 

Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

VB.NET 

Dec 2006

Expert

12 months

ASP.NET 

Dec 2006

Expert

16 months

Visual Basic 

Mar 2004

Expert

5 months

SQL Server 

Dec 2006

Expert

28 months

 

	 Domain Knowledge

 

 

	Banking/ Financial Services,IT/ Computers - Software

 



	 Detailed Resume

	

Ranipa Manishkumar Mahadevbhai 2-A Durga Prashad Appt. 

Abhinav Nagar-2 Main Road, 

Opp. Civil Training Institute, 

B/H National Park,Borivali(East)-Mumbai. 

Contact No: +91 9833681737 

E-Mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:ranipa_mm@rediffmail.com" 
ranipa_mm@rediffmail.com  

ranipa_mm@yahoo.co.in 

Software Engineer 

Dynamic, results-oriented professional with 2 Yrs s of experience on
.NET Resourceful
te浡瀠慬敹⁲档牡捡整楲敺⁤祢椠湮癯瑡癩⁥桴畯桧⵴
敬摡牥桳灩猠楰楲⹴ഠ佃䕒䌠䵏䕐䕔䍎䕉⁓

  Application Design 

  Good technical competancy in .Net producing quality products 

  Good team player 

  Team Leadership - handling small teams 

  Always trying for Productivity and Process Improvement 

  Got A ratings in all the projects executed so far 

CAREER OBJECTIVES 

To work in an organization that provides me an opportunity to work in a
challenging, team oriented environment where I can apply my knowledge,
creativity, innovation & logic and at the same time learn and enhance my
skills 

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION 

  B.E. Information Technology at Suarashtra Univercity -Gujarat with
- 67.3% 

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE 

Core Softech 

August 2004 -July 2006 

2 Yr 

India Infoline Ltd. 

August 2006 - Working 

Working 

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE 

Front End 

ASP.NET, VB.NET 

Database 

SQL Server 2000, SQL Server 2005. 

OS 

Windows XP, Windows 2000 server 

Reports 

Crystal Reports 8 

PROJECT SUMMARY 

Project # 5 

IWIN 

Client 

India Infoline Ltd. 

Duration 

Development Continue…. 

Team Size 

3 

Platform 

ASP.Net, SQL Server 2000 

Responsibility 

Development,Database Design, management and maintenance. 

Project # 4 

PAYROLL 

Client 

India Infoline Ltd. 

Duration 

Development Continue…. 

Team Size 

3 

Platform 

VB.Net, SQL Server 2005 

Responsibility 

Develop,Database management and maintenance. 

Project # 3 

Export Management System (EMS) 

Client 

Radiant Export House 

Duration 

Dec 2005 - June 2006(7 Months) 

Team Size 

2 

Platform 

ASP.Net, SQL SERVER, and Window 2000 Server 

Functional Scope 

Export Management System was developed to take care of complete
automation of Export House. This application software is used to
maintain complete details of all the transaction and processes done by
the Export house. This software helps in decision making for any new
purchase order and market survey as well as to develop new strategies. 

Technical Scope 

The Architectural Design follows the two-tier architecture, separating
Data Layer and application layer. 

Responsibility 

Working as a team member, as well as involved in planning, coding,
testing of application. 

Project # 2 

Madical Transcryption 

Client 

Supreme Distributed 

Duration 

May.2005 - Nov 2005 (8 Months) 

Team Size 

3 

Platform 

VB.net, SQL Server , Crystal Report 8.0 

Functional Scope 

The project was to build for pharmacitical company. its use for tracking
of all bussiness transaction of company. It has 12-15 modules. Major
modules are for madicine, production, raw Material purchasing,selling
madicine,Billing,Stock Maintaining of Madicine,and accounting
transaction l and other small modules. 

Technical Scope 

The Architectural Design follows the three-tier architecture, separating
business layer, data layer and application layer. The project involves
development of all the modules from scratch. 

Responsibility 

Working in planning,Design, coding, of application 

Project # 1 

Ceramic Accounting System 

Client 

Ceramic Industries 

Duration 

August 2004 - April. 2005 ( 9 Months) 

Team Size 

4 

Platform 

VB.Net, SQL Server 

Functional Scope 

̟⍪

kd¢

<

|

}



€

×

Ø

Ù

Ú

Û

Ý

	

&~



Û

Ü

Ý

Y

&

'

8

K

	

&

'

7

K

L

a

v

w

ˆ

˜

™

«

à

á

ô

(K

L

b

v

w

w

‰

˜

™

¬

à

à

á

õ

kd

H

H

H

H

ning, order maintaining and All of accounting Transaction within full of
detail. 

Responsibility 

Database Design, management 

STRENGTH 

  Strongly believe in time frame action as time is going to be the
biggest threat to manager. 

  Apart from my works I am also associated with cultural bodies, and
therefore I have developed confidence in handling different kind of
people. 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of Birth 

1st Sept 1983 

Nationality 

Indian 

Sex 

Male 

Language Known 

English, Hindi, Gujarati 



	

