Aim 	

To attain challenging positions in the Information Technology industry.
Develop and Implement projects through use of Rapid Application
Development (RAD) Tools while utilizing my skills and experience and
thereby contribute maximum towards the overall growth and success of the
organization.

Summary: -

	

	I am working with KENKEEN Consultancy Services Private Limited with
total industry experience of 6 years. My IT experience has been in
Analysis, Design, Development, and Implementation of Client-Server
Applications.

	My technological forte is Microsoft Technologies mainly Vb.net and
Visual Basic 6.

I am also exposed to SQL and PL/SQL. I have undergone full life-cycle
implementation for various modules listed below.

Skills Inventory

Operating System	MS-DOS, WIN 9X / 2000 / XP.

Programming

Languages known	Foxpro26, VB.net

RAD/GUI Utilities	Visual Basic 6.0

RDBMS	MS-Access, SQL Server 2000, Oracle-7.3.

Reporting Tools	Crystal Reports 8.5 / Data Dynamics Active Reports.



Various 3rd Party Controls used in my projects:

Janus GridEX Control

Janus Button Bar Control

Infragistics UltraGrid and Other Controls Suite

Component One True DBGrid Control 

Data Dynamics Active Bar Control

Data Dynamics Active Report Control

Sticky Notes



Work Experience	

	I have been working as a Software Programmer for the last 6 years. I
have strong experience in Visual Basic 6.0. The projects done below are
made using Three-tier architecture. Strong urge to accept challenges and
overcome them, have helped me meet deadlines, while at the same time
strive and thereby achieve excellence and quality of work. Also I
strongly advocate teamwork and am aware of the advantages of working as
a team.

Effective communication and problem solving skills with strong ability
to achieve results have helped me deliver as expected.

Career Profile

Dates	Organization	Designation

Jul-2005 till Date	KENKEEN Consultancy Services Private Limited, Mumbai
Senior Software Programmer / Team Leader

Jan-2004 to May-2005	M/S Micronet Data Services Private Limited, Mumbai
Senior Programmer / Operations Manager

Jun-2001 to Dec–2003	Prosoft Solutions, Mumbai	Software Programmer



Professional Experience

Company 	Kenkeen Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd.

Period	Jul-2005 to Till Date

Position	Senior Programmer / Team Leader

About the Company	Kenkeen Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd. – is a Mumbai
based IT company offering software consulting and information technology
services and related products. Their domain expertise is predominantly
finance sector – stock exchanges and brokerage houses. 





Project Details: -

Environment	VB.Net and SQL Server 2000, On Windows 2000

Project	BackOffice-Demat Stock Handling

Team Size	3

Position	Programmer / Team Leader

Role	Design, Coding, Documenting and Testing.

Preparation of technical design and documenting, get them reviewed by
business users and freeze them for development. 

Coding / assigning / distributing modules to team members

Assisting team members and resolving technical and functional queries.
Getting clarification on functional issues from the Client. 

Monitoring development and intermittent testing.

Validating and performing the required set-up for development and
testing.

Undertook code walkthrough and functional testing of deliverables to
ensure compliance with quality standards and strived towards delivering
defect free deliveries

Making Test Scripts and Performing sample transaction.

Project Description		There are 3 phases to all transaction. One is
recording of all transactions and generating a bill. Second is recording
all delivery entries resulting out of such transaction including receipt
and payment entries (Demat). Third is recording all financial entries.
Member back office work starts after trades are reported by the
exchange. This module captures purchase delivery and sales delivery
resulting out of such transactions. Members deliver stock either against
purchase or may like to deliver in advance without any sale to back up.
They can deliver either in NSDL DP or in CDSL DP. Both the DP gives us
file output of all transaction taken place through them. This module
imports this data in the database (DPC9, Speed and DP89 Files). The
system also provides for manual voucher entry. After importing the files
from the DP, client sale / buy position and how much shares are received
/ delivered against their sales / buys are made available. Like wise the
purchase / sell position of exchanges and how much is delivered /
received from it is arrived at. 

Various operations provided in the project can be summarized as follows:

File Imports.

Manual entries.

Reconciliation.

Payin Handling.

Exchange Payin / Payout.

Auction Process.

Generating Inter Settlement Transfers.

Payout to Clients current as well as Hold back stock.

Generation of payin instruction to DP.

Generation of payout instruction to DP.

Reports.



Environment	Visual Basics 6.0, Crystal Reports 8.5 and SQL Server 2000
On Windows 2000

Project	Client Master

Team Size	4

Position	Programmer / Team Leader 

Role	Design, Coding, Documenting.

Project Description		Client Master is a one-point data-capturing
program, which services all other various applications running at the
client office.

It has been designed as a relational database with appropriate masters
so that all the clients falling under different Market segments and
Categories like Individual, NRI, HUF, Non-Individual, Web Clients etc
can be stored in a single database.

This database is used in all the other systems viz BackOffice software
for Billing, Demat Stock Handling, Reports etc. The system is thus a
centralized system for all types of clients and is a one-point Client
data access application. 

Various Modules designed in the Client Master:

Bank Master- a system for capturing Bank Details of major banks across
India with their Branch Codes and Addresses to be used with Client
master.

CDSL BackOffice BO Setup Module – To open BO (Beneficiary Owner)
account with CDSL, this system is designed to generate BO request files
(DP59) and a facility to upload this data in the CDSL BackOffice
software.

Moving (Copying) data from Client Master (SQL) to Oracle database for
web clients managed by another vendor. The module is designed to
facilitate centralization of data entry of Client forms. Any additions /
updates to client data in SQL Server are updated to web database using
XML through this module.

Client Reports.



Environment	Visual Basics 6.0 and SQL Server 2000, MS Access 2000,
Crystal Reports 7 On Windows 2000

Project	BA Reports  (Reports for Business Associates)

Team Size	1

Position	Programmer

Role	Design, Coding, Documenting and Testing.

Project Description		The program is a reports module. All the reports
currently available to the Business associates on the client web site
are made available to the Business Associates of the Client (Bas)
through this program. The program runs in the BA’s offices on their
machines. It works as follows. –

First time, all information pertaining to the BA is sent to them along
with this program and an Access (mdb) file.

Then on-wards, BA’s pull information from the central computers, which
store incremental data in Access file format. The system merges this
downloaded information, with the last available information. The
information is thus updated and ready to be viewed and printed as
reports.

The entire process is split up as:

First Time Mdb Generator at Client Site.

Split Module for Incremental Data at Client site.

BA reports executable at BA site. 

Features of the module

Multi-user.

User Management.

Grant / revoke access rights to the users.

Download and Import is integrated in the module and is a single click
operation.

All the reports can be viewed and printed. 

In-built Help feature provided.



Environment	Visual Basics 6.0 and SQL Server 2000, On Windows 2000

Project	Online Trade Details

Team Size	1

Position	Programmer

Role	Design, Coding, Documenting and Testing.

Project Description		Online Trade Feed Software (TWS) provided by BSE To
Client, sends trades done by all the members of the Client to back
office specific IP address and port number. Trades are sent in binary
format in multiple packets. Every trade packet consists of header and
data. Header gives the information about the message-length and the no
of trades in current packet.

The application receives these packets and stores data in to the
database. This data is then processed to calculate client wise and scrip
wise trade positions.



Environment	Visual Basics 6.0 and SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 7 On
Windows 2000

Project	Contract Printing / E-Contracts

Team Size	1

Position	Programmer

Role	Design, Coding, Documenting and Testing.

Project Description	Approximately 50,000 trades are executed daily on
behalf of the Clients. As per rules and regulations, the contracts have
to be ready for dispatch within 24 hours of execution of the trades.
Project Specifications: -

This project facilitates splitting of printing process and conducts it
in parallel on several machines simultaneously. Multiple printing
processes can be done from multiple locations and at the same time, the
security of data so sent to other locations for printing is ensured.
Also the system generates e-contracts and mails them directly to the
clients. Signatures are attached to mails thus generated. 

The requisite data is split into multiple access mdb files. The files
are protected by password and checksum. The same password is encrypted
and sent along with the mdb file to the destination region. Print
program – every time it runs, reads this password, decrypts and uses
it for reading the information.

Clients opting for e-contracts are sent signed e-mails.



Educational Qualification	Bachelor of Commerce

  (Mumbai University-1996)

Training Attended	Client-Server Applications

(Oracle – 7.3, Visual Basic-6.0, MS Access)

Concourse Information Technology International Ltd, Mumbai.

	Workshop on Dot Net architecture

Kenkeen Consultancy Services Private Limited



Personal Details

Name	Sayed Nadim Haider

Date of Birth	January 18, 1974

Gender	Male

Nationality	Indian 

Marital Status	Married

Residential Address	303/2413, Motilal Nagar - II,

M.G.Road, Goregaon (West),

Mumbai 400062.

Linguistic Proficiency	English, Hindi, Marathi, Urdu. 

Contact Details	Mobile: 09892659824

Email Id	  HYPERLINK "mailto:sayed_nadim@vsnl.net"  sayed_nadim@vsnl.net




SAYED NADIM HAIDER

Mobile No. 98926 59824

E-mail: 	sayed_nadim@vsnl.net

________________________________________________________________________
_______

 PAGE   1 

 PAGE   6 

