Amrita Singh

House No:-2383 Flat No:-201,                                            
Contact No: 09819477101

Sector-6, CGS Colony, Antop Hill		E-mail:   HYPERLINK
"mailto:amrita_657@rediffmail.com"  amrita_657@rediffmail.com ,

Mumbai-400037			  HYPERLINK "mailto:amrita.singh@cmcltd.com" 
amrita657@gmail.com 

			      		

WORK SUMMARY:

1.3 years of experience in IT industry.

Capable of managing technology projects from concept to completion with
remarkable deadline sensitivity.

Extensive experience on the Oracle platform with strong analytical
skills and experience in working with SQL, PL/SQL seeks a challenging
position.

Development of packages, functions, procedures, stored procedures,
triggers, tables, indexes, utilizing Oracle PL/SQL database programming
language.

Self-motivated, systematic, quick learner, dedicated and an excellent
team player.

Excellent analytical skills with strong presentation and communication
skills.

PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Currently working with CMC Limited, Bandra, Mumbai as a Contract
Assignee since August 2005.

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION:

Oracle Certification:

 OCA – Paper I (Introduction to SQL,   IZO - 007) with 90%.

 OCA – Paper II (Programming in PL/SQL  , IZO-147) with 85%.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

OS	:   DOS, Windows (95/98/2000/XP/NT)

Languages 	:   C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL 

RDBMS	:   SQL*PLUS, ORACLE 8I, 9I,

Tools 	:   MS-Office

GUI	:   HTML

PEOFESSIONAL PROJECT: 

Project	:  	CRM-DMS (Customer Relation – Data Management System) 

 Client	:  	Tata Motors, Mumbai 

Location	:  	CMC Limited, Mumbai

Environment	:  	Win XP.

Duration	:  	Aug 2005 to till now

Description	:  Tata Motors is associated with Motor Dealers all over
India & in neighbouring countries. 

			Each dealer maintains details/data regarding their activities using
their own software. Tata Motors has decided to implement the world
leading CRM & DMS system (SIEBEL) for all dealers to maintain uniformity
and faster response from dealers as well as from Tata Motors for various
activities. Data is collected in specific templates and migrated into a
final template after undergoing a lot of validation and code generation.
CMC Ltd is doing this project in association with TATA Motors. The
Project involves upgradation and conversion of existing data in Excel
Format into Database format and also ensuring compatibility of data with
Siebel Software.

Role/Responsibility	: 	Wide experience in applying Business Logic using
SQL Scripts, PL/SQL, Database Packages, Stored Procedures, Functions and
Triggers at High level Generation.

		Fine Tuned the SQL queries using hints for maximum efficiency and
performance, Implemented project at client place. 

Developing routines using SQL queries & PL/SQL procedures and functions
to clean the customer data thereby improving the data quality. Improved
data quality allows you to search, match, and identify customer records
based on key attributes such as name, address, and date of birth,
chassis number that helps in getting results regardless of variations in
spelling or word sequence or errors in names, addresses, and identity.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

MCA      with 69.8% from Rajiv Gandhi Technical University, Bhopal, MP. 

H. Sc.    with 61% from Bihar School Examination Board, Patna

S. Sc.    with 54.5 % from Bihar intermediate Education council, Patna

Degree  with 59 % from Ranchi University

FINAL YEAR ACADEMIC PROJECT:

DEVELOPED A SOFTWARE 

Title	Travel Management System    

Organization	Tata Technologies Limited (Jamshedpur)               

Duration	Feb 2005 to May 2005

Team Size                         2

Front End		     Swing, Awt (Java)

Back End	Oracle 8i

Project Profile	This was aimed to computerize the passport and visa
booking applications and their validity checking and also updating that.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Father’s Name             :	Mr. Satyanarayan Singh	

Date of Birth	:    07-April-1979

Permanent Address	:   N-301/1, Telco Colony,

    Jamshedpur, Jharkhand (831004) 

                                      

Nationality       	      	:   Indian

Marital Status       	:   Unmarried

Strength            	:   Good problem Solving skills, Good Team Player,

	    Dedicated towards work.

I affirm that particulars given above by me are true and I solely
responsible for its accuracy.

Date:

Place: 									AMRITA SINGH

