									

SHWETA SAWANT

Phone No - 9820841350

E-Mail – svetlana20in@yahoo.co.in

Key Skills – Visual Basic 6, SQL 2000, Oracle9i, Crystal Reports9.

Domain – Banking.

Work Experience – 3.5 Years.

Mumbai Resident

OBJECTIVE

To Constantly seek knowledge and climb the ladder of success with
combination of smartness and hard work. Looking forward to build a
career in the field of Information Technology & Finance by infusing
Professional Skills & Experiences to render Maximum Value & Growth to my
Organization & Designation for meeting personal Goals.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

	

Diploma in Software Programming [GNIIT] from NIIT, Thane.

B.A. Degree in Economics (Special), K. G. Joshi College Of Arts & N. G.
Bedekar College of Commerce, Thane, Year 2002.

HSC, K. G. Joshi College Of Arts & N. G. Bedekar College of Commerce,
Thane, Year 1999.

SSC, S.E.S High School, Panchpakadi, Thane-Year 1996.

COMPUTER LITERACY

Completed Diploma In Software Programming [GNIIT] From NIIT, Thane.

Curriculum Being:

MS-Office

Visual C++

LAN Concepts and Internet

Networking

Visual Basic 6.0

SQL 2000

VB.Net

ASP.Net

C#. Net

EFFICIENCY

Worked in Banking and Shipping Domain Only.

Well versed with Visual Basic 6.0 as Core Technology.

Well versed with Databases like MS SQL 2000, Oracle 9i, MS-Access. 

Well versed with VB. Net.

Well versed with C#. Net.

Well versed with Crystal Reports.

Well versed True DB Grid Functionality

Well versed with Excel Programming and Excel Macros.

Well versed with MS-Access Programming.

MS-OFFICE (Excel) and Internet Surfing.

Well versed with Operating System like MS-DOS, Windows95, Windows 98 &
Windows 2000.

Communication Skills.

Domain knowledge – Finance (Mutual Fund, Risk)

WORK EXPERIENCE

CURRENT EMPLOYER 

Infomatics Services Private Limited, Colaba, Mumbai

INFOMATICS as a GROUP has been providing information technology related
services to the clients in the banking, corporate, shipping and
technology sectors. Infomatics specialize in software consultancy and
development, outsourced processing, and software. For Further Details
visit www.infomaticsind.com

Designation: - Software Engineer.

Department – Software Division.

Date Of Joining: - 24th March 2004.

Worked on Following Projects

Product Name - MFund 

Client - Standard Chartered Bank – Mutual Funds 

Role – Development

Duration – 8 months

Job – Designing, Coding, Debugging, And Testing.

No	Technology Used	Purpose

1	JSP	User Interface.

2	Java	Business Logic.

3	VB Components	Business Logic and Report Generation

4	ADODB	Database Connection

5	Crystal Reports	Reports Designing

6	Oracle	Maintaining Data

7	Acrobat Reader	Report Output

8	MS Excel	Report Output

9	Tomcat Server	Compiling and Execution of JSP/Java code



Worked with a team of 10 Members to develop MFund, a web-based
application that is a complete suite for Mutual Funds for Client –
Standard Chartered Bank – Mutual Funds.

Responsible for 

Applying business logic to generate banking reports using Visual Basic
Components and Crystal Reports for designing.  Some of the crucial
reports being, Broker wise Reports, Compliance Reports, Cash Management
Reports, Transaction Reports, daily NAV and Contract Reports.

Product Name - SAMS – (Shipping Agency Management System) 

Client – Goodrich India and Goodrich Dubai.

Role – Support and Development.

Duration – 4 Months

Job – Designing, Coding, Debugging, And Testing.

No	Technology Used	Purpose

1	Visual Basic 6.0	Programming Tool

2	MS SQL 2000	Database

3	ADODB	Database Connection

4	Crystal Reports	Reports Designing

7	MS Excel	Report Output

8	Tomcat Server	Compiling and Execution of JSP/Java code



Product Name – IRIS

Client – Maersk India

Role – Support

Duration – 2 Months

Job – Designing, Coding, Debugging, And Testing.

No	Technology Used	Purpose

1	C#.Net	Programming Tool

2	MS SQL 2000	Database

3	ADODB	Database Connection

4	Crystal Reports	Reports Designing

5	MS Excel	Report Output



Client – Standard Chartered Bank – Global Markets – Risk

Role - Development/Support

Duration – 14 Months

Job - Designing, Coding, Debugging, Testing and Deploying.

No	Technology Used	Purpose

1	Visual Basic	Programming Tool

2	MS Access	Database

3	DAO and ADODB	Database Connection

4	Crystal Reports	Reports Designing

5	MS Excel	Report Output

6	Monarch	Data trapping/retrieving tool

7	True DB Grid	Data Modification



Responsible for 

Handling queries individually.

Catering with the needs of client in Global Markets (Risk). 

Developing new applications, which can upload the downloaded data files
from the ERP systems of the bank and process them generating reports in
the desired format using Visual Basic as programming tool, Ms Access as
backend/database, Crystal Reports for Outputs, Ms Excel for processing
data, retrieving data, generating report in Excel Format and Monarch for
Data trapping.

Troubleshooting with the existing applications of the bank.

Generating Macros to save clients time in repetitive work.

Documentation of the applications.

Previous Employer

Philips India Ltd

Worked as a Trainee Engineer for 1 Year.

Start Date: -26th Jan 2003 

End Date: -27th Jan 2004.

Responsible for 

Handling MIS functions in the corporate department in JD Edwards.

Develop small day-to-day usable applications and macros in Visual Basic
and Ms-Excel, SQL server as Backend.

Worked on Following Projects

Product Name – Security System

Role – Support/Development

Duration – 6 Months

Job – Designing, Coding, Debugging, And Testing.

No	Technology Used	Purpose

1	Visual Basic 6.0	Programming Tool

2	MS SQL 2000	Database

3	ADODB	Database Connection



Product Name – Medical Reimbursement System

Role – Support/Development

Duration – 6 Months

Job – Designing, Coding, Debugging, And Testing.

No	Technology Used	Purpose

1	Visual Basic 6.0	Programming Tool

2	MS SQL 2000	Database

3	ADODB	Database
Conne瑣潩ݮഇ഍഍഍഍䔍员䅒啃剒䍉䱕剁䄠呃噉呉䕉൓
圍牯敫⁤潦⁲浉慰瑣䤠普牯慭楴湯倠楲慶整䰠摴‬畍畬
摮映牯䈠獵湩獥⁳牐浯瑯潩⹮圍牯敫⁤潦⁲䵃ⱓ吠慨敮
映牯䈠獵湩獥⁳牰浯瑯潩⹮഍倍剅体䅎呌䅒呉൓

	A hard working & an extremely fast learner with a thirst for
knowledge.

	Efficient, well organized & can work well in a team as well as
individually. 

	Target oriented & ambitious to succeed in life in short span of
time.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Gender: Female

Date of Birth: 13th April 1981

Nationality: Indian

Marital Status: Single	

Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marathi, French.

Address						

A/16 Truna Pushpa,

 Luis Wadi,

 Thane (W)-400604,

Maharashtra,

India.

E-Mail Address

svetlana20in@rediffmail.com	

  HYPERLINK "mailto:svetlana20in@yahoo.co.in"  svetlana20in@yahoo.co.in 

Phone No

Residence - 022-25802957

Cell No - 919820841350

