 

 

 

 



Narendra singh Rawat

Flat No. 102,Plot No.43 Jotirling CHS,Sector 14 Kopar Khairne,Navi
Mumbai 

Mumbai 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:rawat.nitin25@gmail.com" \o
"mailto:rawat.nitin25@gmail.com"  rawat.nitin25@gmail.com 

Phone: +-91-9920140937

Mobile: 91-9920140937

Current Location: Mumbai

 

 



Date of Birth  26 Mar 1981

Gender  Male

Nationality  India 

 

 



Work experience

11 months

Skills

.NET,C,C++,SQL

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP,Call Centre, BPO, Customer Service

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Annual Salary

1.10 lacs per annum

Previous Employer

Technology Bot,Delhi

Work Authorization

Have H1 Visa - Authorized to work in 

Highest Degree Held

MCA Computers R.G.P.V, University Bhopal

2nd Highest Degree Held

BCA Computers Bhopal University

Preferred Job Location

Anywhere,Bangalore,Mumbai,Pune

 

 



Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

ASP.NET

Mar 2007

Intermediate

9 months

VB.NET

Mar 2007

Intermediate

11 months

SQL Server

Mar 2007

Intermediate

11 months

C++

May 2006

Intermediate

10 months

 

 



IT/ Computers - Software

 

 





CURRICULUM VITAE 

Flat No. 102,Plot No.43 

Jotirling CHS,Sector 14 

Kopar Khairne,Navi Mumbai 

Mob no +91-9920140937 

Email: rawat.nitin25@gmail.com 

nsrawat26@gmail.com 

NARENDRA SINGH RAWAT 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

To be at a position so as to make an optimum use of my knowledge, skills
and potential acquired during my academic and further harness it to the
benefit of my organization. 

WORKING EXPERIENCE (11 months) 

Working with Technology Bot, Delhi as a Software Developer from May 2006
to March 2007 

in .NET Technology. 

MAJOR PROJECT: 

Completed my major project training in BHARAT HEAVY ELECTRICALS LIMITED,
BHOPAL from Feb 2006 to April, 2006. This is web-based project, which
provided the online information about the A.C machines developed by
B.H.E.L, Bhopal. This is ASP based project and the backend is Ms-Access.


PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: 

  School Record Maintenance(Jan,2005-Mar,2005) 

This is a Database project in which the records of the school
information are 

Stored and they are made in C++. In this project with the help of file
handling 

we can permanently stores all the School records. 

  Medical Reimbursement System(Aug,2005-Dec,2005) 

This is a Web based application in which any company can sanctioned the 

medical Bills of their employee very easily and fastly. This is totally
based on 

ASP.NET,ADO.NET and the database, which was used, is SQL Server. 

KEY SKILLS: 

  Technical skills: Trained for achieving high quality output
consistently with least 

time wastage possess, a sound knowledge and have the ability to work
under pressure. 

  Team worker: I am highly independent yet able to work within a team
with the 

right attitude. 

  Organized: make my work organized and always try to beat the time. 

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

  Master of Computer Application (MCA) (2003-2006) from Oriental
Institute Of Science & Technology, Bhopal, affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi
Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (R.G.P.V), Bhopal with 68.7 %. 

-

k

l

m

n

o

p

„

…

†

Ó

Ô

Õ

Ö

×

Ø

Ù

Ú

o

p

×

×

Ø

Ù

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

…

†

‡

ˆ

‰

Š

‹

Œ

›

œ

¥

¦

§



®

¼

½

¾

Æ

Ç

ß

à

á

é

ê

5

6

7

‰

‰

Š

‹

Œ

œ

¦

¦

§

®

½

¾

Ѐ¾

Ç

à

á

ê

B*

 QUALIFICATION: 

  Completed Bachelor of Computer Application (2000-2003), From
Chitransh A.D.P.G College, Bhopal, affiliated to Barkatullah University,
Bhopal with 62.4 %. 

  Completed Higher Secondary Certificate Exam [Physics, Chemistry &
Mathematics] [1998-1999] from Jawahar Lal Nehru School, Bhopal,
affiliated to C.B.S.E with 52.6 %. 

  Completed Secondary School Certificate Examination [1996-1997] from
Jawahar Lal Nehru School, Bhopal, affiliated to C.B.S.E with 63 %. 

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY: 

  Languages: C, C++ 

  Database: Sql, Oracle 

  Net Technologies: Html,VC#, VB.NET, and ASP.NET. 

CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 

  Organized seminars and cultural events at college level. 

  Active participant in different academic activities. 

lity development course. 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of birth: 26/03/81 

Hobbies: Listening music, visiting new places, web surfing 

Permanent Address: LIG-3D /69 Saket Nagar 

Bhopal-462024 

Phone no.-0755-2783872 

Date: 

Place: (Narendra Singh Rawat) 





