BIDHU.B.CHHOTARAY

Mail To:manavray@programmer.net                                         
                                                         
Contact:9867134140

Experience summary:



Currently associated with TEJAS TECHNOLOGY as a .NET Programmer, whereby
responsible for creating  FrontEnd,Middle-Tier & Backend Coding.

Over 3yrs of experience in the field of VB.NET,ASP.NET as well as
WebServices.



                    

Educational Qualification:

School/college                       class/grade                    % of
marks               year of passing

 

 G.I.E.T (B.E)                                        B                 
                       59%                                  2002



Technical Skills

Areas	Tools and Technologies

Front-End Technologies		ASP.NET,VB.NET

Middle-Tier Technologies	ADO.NET,XML Web Service.

Web Reporting	Crystal Reports

XML Technologies	Web Service

Back-End Technologies	SQL2000,MS Access2000

.Net Technologies		WinForms,WebForms,WinControls,WebControls,

WebServices,CrystalReport,ASP.NET              

Security, Error Handling

Development Environment		Microsoft VisualStudio.NET 2000/2003,.NET
Framework 1.1/1.0

VisualStudio6.0

Plat form/Web Server	IIS 5.0 on Windows 2000Server,Windows XP/2000
Professional,Win98,MS –DOS

 

Professional Profile





               Organization 	

               Duration	

               Designation

 

TEJAS-TECHNOLOGY 

ENNOVATION SOFT 

ZITT Technology	

July 2005-to-Till Date

Dec 2004 to June 2005 

 Sept 2003 to Sept 2004	 

             Programmer

             Programmer

               (Trainee)

             Programmer





Project Profile

1. “I BUY-SPY”



Functional View	IBuySpy is a fictitious Web-based catalog sales site.
Users can browse the catalog, add items to their      personal shopping
cart, and when they've finished shopping, check out and finalize the
sale. (Naturally, all orders are  fictitious order information is
tracked to illustrate part of the sample, but there is no actual
transaction.)Casual browsers can view catalog items freely. A search
facility allows users to look for items using anyword in the
description. If they like, users can add product reviews to the
description. 

To purchase items, users must be registered as authenticated users by
providing account information: an email address and password.



Duration	7 Months.



Technology	FrontEnd:ASP.NET

MiddleTier: ADO.NET,XML WebService

Backend:SQL Server2000

Platform: Win2000 server with IIS-5.0,.NET Framework1.1

Roles and Responsibilities

	FrontEnd Coding.

Database Maintain

Middle-tier connection





2. “HospitalManagement System”



Functional View	Descripti This software is made for polyclinic hospital
having many on departments. This software takes care of doctors
schedule, patients history, patients admit, room, bed management etc.
every doctor and every admitted 

Patient is identified by unique ID. Right from admission of patient to
discharge everything is managed.



Duration	4Months



Technology	FrontEnd: VB.NET

MiddleTier: ADO.NET,XML WebService

Platform:Win2000 server with IIS-5.0,.NET Framework1.1

BackEnd:SQL Server2000





Roles and Responsibilities	How to maintain daily DataBase. 

How patients get Helps Directly. 

Internal review .



3. “ Online Job Portal”





Functional View	 Professional can search jobs in different category,
companies, and different disciplines, apply online, create resume,
upload and free download their resume

Duration	Not Completed 



Technology	FrontEnd:ASP.NET

MiddleTier: ADO.NET,XML WebService

Platform: Win2000 server with IIS-5.0,.NET Framework1.1

BackEnd:SQL Server2000

Roles and Responsibilities	As a Programmer



4. “Penofai”



Functional View	Penofai is a system developed for the Pharmaceutical
industry. It has the option to Create, Maintain and Update the
functioning of the MR, DM and RM. There is provision to maintain the
information regarding the marketing and publicity activities of the MRs,
DM and RM. It also includes Inventory Control, Report, Customer Detail,
Create Call and appointment etc    

Duration	4 Month 



Technology	FrontEnd: VB.NET

MiddleTier: ADO.NET,XML WebService

Platform:Win2000 server with IIS-5.0,.NET Framework1.1

BackEnd:SQL Server2000

Roles and Responsibilities	As a Programmer





								      

5. “ College Automation System”  



Functional View	Descripti Aim of this project is to bring complete
automation for on college. This project keeps the record of admission of
student, entry date, branch as well as his/her personal details. We
compared the number of lectures .conducted and attended by student. From
this we made the record of monthly attendance of students for each

Subject .We have also maintained record of faculty, contact and his
personal details. Another feature of this Project is it also covers the
library management. Library management includes providing information
about book. Searching book by title, author or by publication. We also
keep the record of   availability and purchase of books. The project
also covers the details about student membership card, daily issue, and
fine. Online examination module of this project useful for making result
sheet of students year wise and semisterwise calculating percentage and
assigning grade to him .

  

Duration	4 Months



Technology	FrontEnd: VB.NET

MiddleTier: ADO.NET,XML ,WebService

Backend:SQL Server2000

Platform:Win2000 server with IIS-5.0,.NET Framework1.1





Roles and Responsibilities	Writing & executing test cases. 

Performed Functionality, System & Regression Testing.

Tracking and reporting defects using Bug Tracker.

Preparing Review Reports and Test Summary Reports.





6. “Online Share Marketing”



Functional View	Check Point Integrity endpoint security products ensure
that  users' PCs are secure before they're granted network access. By
stopping worms, spyware, & hacker attacks, Integrity maintains business
continuity, supports regulatory compliance, & protects you against
financial loss due to endpoint attacks.

Comprehensive account-statements, real-time Account Balance tracking and
live charts and quotes. 

Complete the form below to try a Free demo account now!  Login
instructions and Password will appear immediately.

Evaluate your current online advertising effectiveness, from user
impressions to click rates, to cost vs. revenue analysis

Find out who makes the online buying decisions for your top prospects
and which companies are spending money with your competitors.

Map campaigns for specified target markets, identifying the pages and
sites that deliver the highest level of effective reach within a
specified budget.



Duration	2 Months.



Technology	FrontEnd:ASP.NET

MiddleTier: ADO.NET,XML WebService

Backend:SQL Server2000

Platform: Win2000 server with IIS-5.0,.NET Framework2.0

Roles and Responsibilities

	FrontEnd Coding.

Database Maintain

Middle-tier connection





Reference: Chidananda Subudhi, Emp id 8711, Chandivili

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

