 

 

 

 



Pratul Jain

# B-28,Ashwati Apartment, Sector-14 Washi, Navi Mumbai

Mumbai 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:pratulkumarjain@gmail.com" \o
"mailto:pratulkumarjain@gmail.com"  pratulkumarjain@gmail.com 

Phone: Not specified

Mobile: 91-9892326813

Current Location: Mumbai

 

 



Date of Birth  23 Aug 1982

Gender  Male

Nationality  India 

 

 



Work experience

2 years 7 months

Skills

vb.net,c#.net,asp.net,sql server

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Employer

Omnitech Infosolution Pvt. Ltd

Current Annual Salary

0.00 lacs per annum

Previous Employer

HP Finesoft Solution Pvt. Ltd.

Highest Degree Held

MCA Computers 

2nd Highest Degree Held

BCA Computers 

Preferred Job Location

Mumbai

 

 



Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

VB.NET

Jun 2007

Expert

20 months

C\#

Jun 2007

Intermediate

8 months

ASP.NET

Jun 2007

Intermediate

8 months

sql server

Jun 2007

Intermediate

24 months

oracle

Not specified

Not specified

Not specified

 

 



IT/ Computers - Software

 

 





Pratul Kumar Jain 

Mobile: +91-9892326813 

Email: pratulkumarjain@yahoo.co.in 

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE 

To associate with progressive Organization that gives me scope to update
my skills according to latest trends, especially in the area of software
development and to be a part of team that dynamically works towards the
growth of an organization 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 

  2.7 years of experience in design and development of Web and Window
based application development. 

  Proficient in programming with web applications using VB. Net 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

  Working as a Software Developer with OmnitechInfo Solution Pvt.
Ltd., Mumbai from Feb 2007 to till date. 

  Worked as a Software Consultant with HP Finsoft Solution Pvt. Ltd.,
Mumbai from Apr 2006 Jan 2007. 

  Worked as a Software Engineer with IQM Soft Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad
from November 2004 to March 2006. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 

  M.C.A from Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University Aurangabad
(MH.) (2001-2004) 

  B.C.A from Makhanlal Chaturvedi University Bhopal (M.P.)
(1998-2001) 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Languages 

: 

C, C++, C#.Net, VB.NET 

Internet Technologies 

: 

ASP. Net, Java Script, HTML, Xml 

Database 

: 

SQL Server 2000 

Operating Systems 

: 

Windows XP, Windows 2000 Professional 

Reporting Tools 

: 

Crystal Reports 

PROJECTS HANDLED 

Project #1 

Title : Virtual Patient Ward 

Role : Software Consultant. 

Client : Tata Interactive System. 

Technology : VB.Net, XML. 

Duration : Feb 2007 to till date. 

Team Size : 3 

Description : 

The window application that allows users to create a Virtual ward
accommodating various details about patients with regards their
examination, diagnosis and treatment. All content can be exported to
HTML. 

This application allows a tutor/academician to create patient
files/folders/quizzes so that medical students can access information
and tests online. The tutor as an author can access the virtual patients
tool by clicking on the application file in his workstation. This
enables him to select a new project or access an existing project that
he has created earlier. 

Project #2 

Title : Real Eastate 

Role : Software Consultant. 

Client : Kolati Construction. 

Technology : ASP.NET with C#, SQl-Server 2000. 

Duration : Jun 2006 to till date. 

Team Size : 5 

Description : 

The web application deals with creation of an online information system
providing detail on various real estates related information. The system
defines various source of real estate and accordingly provides
information .The various sources are building, flats and clubs, estates
bungalows, construction and tea estate etc. The members who have
registered with the site can only make the site information to one and
all that visit the site but online booking or confirmation. The site
provides online registration but the membership is confirmed only after
the payment is received. 

Responsibilities: 

  Analyzing the module, doing modifications and updating as per
client requirement. 

  Involved in unit and Integration testing of the application. 

Project #3 

Title : Compact System(Common Muncipal Administrative 

Computerizing Tools) 

Role : Team Member. 

Client : Chattigarh State, India 

Technology : VB.Net and SQl-Server 2000. 

Duration : Apr 2005 to March 2006 

Team Size : 8 

Description : 

This is a large project and developed for Chattisgarh state
Municipalities, India. This project mainly concerned with all works
involved in Municipalities Corporation like issue of birth certificates,
death certificates taxes for advertisement, water taxes, Property taxes
etc, Centralized database (database of all departments) located in
server and different department can share the data using their
authentication and this project is having lots of transaction involved.
This project consists of eleven Modules. Death Module, Complaint Module,
Payroll Module, Advertisement Module, Trade License Module, Tax Module,
Account Module, Tender and estimate Module, Sanitation Module and Report
Module. 

Responsibilities: 

=

>

?

@

A

B

V

W

X

¥

¦

§

¨

©

ª

«

¬

ù

ú

û

ü

ý

þ

ÿ

A

B

©

©

ª

«

ý

þ

ÿ

ÿ

	

	

W

X

Y

Z

[

\

]

^

m

n

~



€

†

‡

§

¨

©

±

²

Ê

Ë

Ì

Ô

Õ

ì

í

î

ó

	

	

[

[

\

]

^

n





€

‡

¨

©

Ѐ©

²

Ë

Ì

Õ

í

䬀ĤԀí

î

ô

Ѐó

ô

  Involved in Spaces gathering and UI design. 

  Involved in coding, specification gathering and integration. 

Project #4 

Title : Binjusaria oil Corporation. 

Role : Project Trainee. 

Client : Binjusaria oil Corporation, Hyderabad. 

Technology : VB.NET, Crystal Reports and oracle 8i. 

Duration : November 2004 to March 2005 

Team size : 3 

Description : 

This application is developed for an oil company to keep track on
complete process. First raw product of oil comes it filtered and packed
then transportation takes place (either in packets or in tanks). It
maintaining separate record for all type of oil that company produce. It
helps in maintaining the record of purchase and sales, also keep track
on company employee's detail. 

Responsibilities: 

  Done coding insert, update, search, delete for the Purchase module.


PERSONAL DETAILS 

Name Pratul Kumar Jain 

Date of Birth 23 Aug 1982 

Languages Known English, Hindi 

Permanent Address “Piyush Bhawan” Street No-2B, Pushpraj Colony
Satna(M.P)





