SKILLS SUMMARY

My Career objective is to become IT professional, techno savvy
professional,

With my following qualifications & programming knowledge.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Bachelor of Engineering (52%) in Electronics from PUNE University,
MAHARASHTRA.

Diploma in electronics I Div. (70%) from M.S.B.T.E.

X, I Div. (63% marks) from MUMBAI. Board.

Exposure to SAP R/3-ABAP/4 ver 4.6c.

                 

PROGRAMMING SKILL SETS

C.

C++.

VC ++ 6.0, GDI+, MFC,WinApi.

PROJECT DETAILS.

 

  Client:  Department Of Space Science, PUNE University.

  Team Size: 3.      				                                               
                         

  Duration:  12 months (final year project).

Development of Software in VC++ for Recognition of Cryospheric Weather
Systems from Satellite Imagery Using Image processing techniques. The
Image Processing Techniques used was Histogram Plotting, Spatial
Filtering, Edge Detection, Segmentation, Thresholding and ARMA.

 

CURRENT EXPIERIENCE

PXLSoft Pvt. Ltd. (  HYPERLINK "http://www.pxlsoft.com" 
http://www.pxlsoft.com ) 

 Software Engineer (1st Feb 2005 - currently working)

The company is India’s market leader in image processing software. The
company was formed in 2004 (a spin off from its parent specialized in
video technologies) with the idea of development and sales of software
products in the field of imaging. The company has a tremendous response
for the product they developed for the digital photo album industry.  
“Dg Foto Art” is flagship software requiring no third party tools or
any artistic skills for creating exclusive album pages within minutes.

PROJECT DETAILS.

 

 Team Size: 13      				                                                
                        

 Duration:  10 months 

 Role: Software Developer

Development of Software in VC++, DG FOTO ART GOLD, it was an image
Editing software used to edit image, to enhance image property.
Basically used for Album creation. 

Developed an Image Editing Module, PXL Editor. The Software was able to
perform various color correction operation such as Auto-level,
Auto-Contrast, Auto-Color, Histogram Correction, Curve-Correction,
Color-Balance, Hue Saturation & Intensity Correction along with features
like Navigation &   Zoom-in Zoom-out.

                                                                        
                                                                        
       

Histogram color correction:-

Histogram color correction gives the user a chance to actually inspect
the range of colors used in the image and correct them accordingly. The
feature of Auto-levels and Auto-contrast was also developed in this
module. GIMP was the open source imaging application which was studied
in-order to implement the feature.

Tool to restore damaged images:-

This tool was developed to enable restore damaged photographs. The tool
was designed and implemented using C++, GDI+.

Research:-

Image Processing algorithms like histogram color correction.

Open Source Image Processing: GIMP tool.

Programming Environment:-

 Microsoft Visual Studio .Net2003(MSVC 7.1),  MFC, Win32 API.

ADDITIONAL SKILLS SETS

SAP Skills	         :    ABAP/4 Programming Language

Operating Systems           :   Win 95/98

SAP Version		         :   4.6C

SAP EXPOSURE

ABAP/4 Development Workbench	

Reports (Classical & Interactive)

Dialog programming (Screen Painter & Menu Painter)

SAP Script (Form Painter)

Modularization (Function Group & Function Modules)

Logical Database	

BDC (Data Transfer)

Overview of ALE, BAPI, IDOC, EDI, RFC Technologies

Overview of SD Function Module.

Project Details

Worked As A trainee in USIPL, Andheri.

(June 2004 to Jan 2005)                                                 
 

Created reports in SD module such as Sales Order Report, which covers
all organization levels, delivery status, invoice status and shipping
Details. The data was extracted from VBAP, VBPA, VBAK, VBFA, KNA1, LIPS,
KONV, etc tables. 

Created an interactive report for displaying a subsequent list of the
line items for the selected PO. Displaying the following information for
each PO line item such as quantity ordered, quantity received, net
value, Line item description.

Designed developed and implemented real time and Batch Interface
Programs using ABAP/4 (Call Transaction and BDC). Performed modification
and enhancement as per to satisfy business requirements. 

                                          PERSONAL INFORMATION

DATE OF BIRTH 		: 12-11-1980

			

PERMANENT ADDRESS	:  A block 344/688,

                                                  Near Government
Certified School,

                                                  Kurla Camp,

                                                  Ulhasnagar-421004.

                                                  Dist: - Thane,

                                                  Mumbai.

                    

E-MAIL                                   :    HYPERLINK
"mailto:bhushan.nallewar@gmail.com"  bhushan.nallewar@gmail.com 

                                                  bhushankn@gmail.com

      CONTACT                              : (0251)-2535448.

      

      MOBILE                                 :  9820026707.

  

   

	-   PAGE  1  -

Name :BHUSHAN K NALLEWAR

