Atul deulkar

                      						          		             D.E.,
B.E.(Computer) 

                                                                        
                                   	Mobile: 9226584869

                                                                        
                          Email: -deulkaratul@yahoo.co.in

Personal Profile

Bachelor Degree in Computer Technology. 

Completed D.E. Electronics and telecommunication 

Determined to succeed as a good team player, ability to communicate
effectively with people of all levels in organization.

Eager to work in a team oriented environment.

A keen interest to learn new skill and technologies.

Hard worker and quick learner.

 Career Objective

To work with a progressive software organization and to learn and grow
as a contributing resourceful team member whereby I can bring profits to
organization.

Technical Skills

Net Platform: C#. Net, VB.Net, Asp.Net

Languages: C, C++, Java.

Operating System: Windows, MS-Dos.

Databases: Oracle, Ms-Access, and SQL-Server.

Front End Technology: V.B.

Web technologies: Html, Xml, JavaScript, VBScript, ASP.

Work Experience

Software Developer in e-sense Solution Nagpur from July 2005.

Work profile: Software Engineer.

      Responsibilities:

 Planning and Designing.

Coding and Testing.

Customer Support.

Learning & Achievements: I learnt to be a Team Player, Accept Challenges
and achieved an           ability to communicate effectively with people
of all levels in organization.

Work as a lecturer from August 2001 to June 2005

					Projects

Project as a part of e-sense

Project Title	: Porus1.0

Objective	: Controlling Production and reusing the waste Material

Designation	: Software Engineer.

Role		: Team Member.

Team Size	: 6

Project Type	: Enhancement / production support.

Period		: 5 months (Nov. 2005 to April 2006)

Platform	: VB.Net.

Database	: SQL-Server.

Client		: PPC

Details		: This is an ERP module given to Production Company which reuse
there                 waste material with same formulas with which they
are working or we can say it is a resource utilization system. It is a
windows based application about Production section which is actually a
part of an ERP.

Learning Outcome:

Technical Skills: Acquired Knowledge in VB.Net .

Personal Skills: Learned to work in a corporate environment and
developed my team skills and learned about Production Section in ERP.

Project as a part of e-sense

 Project Title	: Bank Care       

Objective	: Fulfilling accounting needs of organization.

Designation	: Software Engineer.

Role		: Team Member, Enhancing, Modifying.

Team Size	: 6

Project Type	: Enhancement / production support.

Period		: currently executing.

Platform	: VB.Net.

Database	: SQL-Server.

Client		: NVSM, YNSB

Details		: This is a Accounting cum Banking software given to Small
organization, society banking. It is Windows-Business Accounting
Software covering Financial Accounting, Banking needs, inventory
management, order processing, User-configurable invoice, document
Printing, Sales Tax Reports, Service Tax, VAT Reports, MIS Reports&
Analysis.

Learning Outcome: The project gave me an insight of the technical
concepts of VB, SQL-Server

also Knowledge about Accounting and Banking Software.

Academic Profile

 B.E. in Computer Technology. 2006

      Part Time Degree Course in Computer Engineering from

      Y.C.C.E. College Of Engineering, Nagpur University, Nagpur .

Diploma in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering 2000

      Completed a Diploma in Electronics and Telecommunication
Engineering from V.Y.W.S. Polytechnic Badnera, M.S.B.T.E. Amravati.

Personal Details

Fatherâ€™s Name		:  Mr. Babanrao L. Deulkar.    

Interests			: Sketching & Painting cartoons, Gardening

Address			: E1-203, New Kunj Vihar,

              Ramesh Nagar, Amboli, 

              Andheri(West), Mumbai	

Languages Known	: English, Hindi, Marathi

Marital Status		: Single.

Extracurricular Activities:

1) Participated in Drama and represented College in no. different
events.

2) Participated in technical seminars arranged by College.

      3) Have passed elementary drawing exams

Certification

  HYPERLINK "http://www.brainbench.com/transcript.jsp?pid=6607513" 
http://www.brainbench.com/transcript.jsp?pid=6607513 

 

		       Page   PAGE  3  of   NUMPAGES  3 	

