  Hrushikesh R. Mokashi



Mobile: 09823536697                        						

E-mail: Hrushikesh.net@gmail.com

Perm Address: L-44/898,M.H.B.Colony,Yerwada, Pune-411006





OBJECTIVE:

To obtain a position in a fast paced and challenging environment where I
can apply my technical and analytical skills

     



TECHNICAL SKILLS:



Operating System    		 :  Microsoft Windows



Programming Languages	 :   C, C ++, VB6, C#.NET, VB.NET.



Technologies			 :   ASP.NET



Databases			 :   MS-Access, MS SQL Server

	

Methodologies        		 :   UML – Microsoft Visio



Others	                                     :   Worked on Infragistic
Controls, Crystal Reports for Dot NET		





EDUCATION QUALIFICATION: 





CourseYear of passingInstitute/CollegeUniversity/BoardPercentage of
MarksClassB.C.S.May-2003C.T.Bora Collage, ShirurPune University55Higher
2nd classH.S.C.April-1999V. Garware Jr College,PuneMaharashtra
Board542nd classS.S.C.Feb-1997V Garware Highschool,PuneMaharashtra
Board601st class  









WORKING EXPERIENCE:



 

Sigma Solutions,Mumbai – Aug 2005 to Till Date







      

PROJECTS:

    

1 Online Admission System. Technologies: ASP.NET (using C#.NET) , SQL
Server 2000Overview: This project is regarding the online admission
process for the Army institute.Applicant can fill up online form
available depending on his category. After application submission
closure date approval body verifies applications received. Administrator
allocates the course of his choice if available and on merit.
Administrator can add master database like Category,, Documents, Rules,
Fees Details etc.Duration5 Months.My RoleCoding





2 Marathon Participants Management System (For Mumbai Marathon 2007).
Technologies:  C#.NET,SqL Server 2000.Overview:  This is application
system for managing participant’s information gathered from various
sources. A user-friendly tool for generating various reports based on
different criteria’s. Duration4 months. My RoleAnalysis, Coding,
Designing. 



2 Magazine Automation System. Technologies:  C#.NET,SqL Server
2000.Overview:This product is solution for Magazine publishers to
digitize their process. User can easily manage and track their
transaction of their subscriber, writer, and advertiser.This product
reminds to user for post dated cheques and gives reports of transaction
and subscriber and payment details. of all entities It gives facility
for renewal subscription for previous subscriber and many more.Duration4
months. (In Process) My RoleAnalysis, Coding, Designing. 





















CO-CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS:

         

·	The project “English To Marathi Language Translator” was selected
in project exhibition and competition held at “Intexication 2004”,
M.I.T., Pune, which is a state level competition sponsored by Microsoft.

·	Have completed the FRENCH Language (Level-1) course from SYMBIOSIS.

·	Was active member of Weekly PUNE DARSHAN & worked in the same as Sub
Editor.

.     Participated in various competitions, gatherings in school and
colleges







PERSONAL DETAILS:





 Personal Details       Name                    : Hrushikesh R
Mokashi.Date of Birth        : Nov 9  1981.Gender                 :
Male.Phone No.: 9823536697.E-mail                        :
Hrushikesh.net@gmail.comNationality: Indian.







