CURRICULUM VITAE

SRINIVAS.K

43, 9/B Ganesh Darshan,

PMGP Colony,							E-mail: sreenukvr@yahoo.com

Mumbai.						          Mobile: 09920286082

    		                            	                                     
                                                    

Career Objective: To pursue highly challenging career in the computer
science field where I can apply my technical knowledge, acquire new
skills and contribute effectively to grow with the organization.

Professional Profile:

Having 3 Years of Experience in Software Development.

Involved in Coding, Testing and Maintenance phases of software
development life cycle.

Involved in Object-oriented, client-server applications development
using 

C#, ASP.Net, VB.Net, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2000.

Knowledge on VSS Environment.

Involved in Manual Testing 

Educational Qualifications:

B.E (CSE) – with 62.1 % from VTU, Karnataka June 2003.

Intermediate (MPC)  - with 81.1% from IPE, Hyderabad June 1999

SSC with 85.5% from SSC Board Hyderabad

Technical Exposure:

MS Technologies 			: ASP.NET, VB.NET, ADO.NET, C#, Crystal Reports

Internet Technologies	: HTML, Macromedia, Java Script.

Databases		   		: SQL-Server and MS-Access.

Experience:

Working at PCS Technolgy, Mumbai as Software Developer From Oct 2005 To
Till Date.

Worked at HIRDHAV Software Pvt Ltd, Mumbai as Software Developer From
Apr 2004 To Sep 2005.

Projects:

# Project Title: FMU Automation

Customer : Indian Navy, Visakhapatnam.

Environment : ASP.Net,  SQL Server 2000 

Project Type : Development 

Duration : Nov 2006 to Till Date

Role : Coding, Designing WebPages & Implemented Testing.

Description: This is an Application which maintains the database of
Fleet Maintenance Unit (V). It has Modules like Admin Management, Mail
Tracking, Production Planning, Budget Management and Logistics
Management. It maintains the database of its Unit Employees & Provides
reports to the User according to Selected Criteria.

# Project Title: Sterlite Logistics

Customer : Sterlite Industries (India) Ltd, Chennai.

Environment : ASP.Net, VB.Net and SQL Server 2000 

Project Type : Development 

Duration : June 2006 to Till Date

Role : Coding, Designing WebPages & Implemented Testing.

Description: This is an Application which maintains the database of its
Logistics Information like Orders Received, Orders Delivered, Trailors
Entered & Trailor Processed out. It Provides facilities like Order
Request from User and will be delivered on Deliver Date. It also
maintains the database of its Company Employees & Security Officials and
their Shift Bases and Provides reports to the User.

# Project Title: Sandesh 

Customer : Sandesh Newspaper, Gujarat.

Environment : VB.Net, SQL Server 2000  & Crystal Reports 

Project Type : Development 

Duration : Dec 2005 to May 2006

Role : Coding and Implemented Testing.

Description:  Sandesh Publication is the second largest publication in
Gujrat State in India. It Contains Modules like Newsprint, Circulation,
Advertisement, Production and Admin Management. This Application
maintain the database of all the Departments and Provides reports to the
User.                       

# Project Title: JFCS

Customer : Jewish Family and Children’s Services.

Environment: ASP.NET (C#),JavaScript & SQL Server 2000.

Project Type : Development 

Role : Coding,Designing WebPages & Implemented Testing.

Description:  This website is developed for Jewish Family and
Children’s Services.

It maintains database of refugees, immigrants.

Admin creates Staff giving username & password.

He can set security levels on/off.	

Admin & staff can add, edit, and delete information of refugees,
immigrants.

Staff can send mails & notifications.

                                                       

# Project Title:  Chanakiya Services

Environment: ASP.NET, JavaScript & SQL Server 2000.

Project Type : Development 

Role : Coding, Designing WebPages & Implemented Testing.

Description:  This website is developed with many resources like Job
placement,

Matrimonial, Horoscope, Online shopping, Health, Finance, Tours &
Travels and 

Computer Peripherals. User have an option to Chat.

User has to register in Jobs & Matrimonial.

# Project Title: Digital Dash

Environment: VB.NET & Ms-Access

Project Type : Development 

Role : Coding & Implemented Testing.

Description:  It is a Windows application project. This is a
Multipurpose Component containing 

File Browser, Memory Pad, Scientific Calculator, Audio Player, Video
Player, Internet Browser.

File Browser: When we click it, an Open File Dialog Box is opened
containing many types of Application. We can open any type of
Application using this.

Memory Pad: Using this, User can Add Information to List Box, Edit
Information From List Box, Delete Information From List Box, Find Option
finds information from List Box & QWERTY Keyboard is provided in this
application.

Audio Player: This is an Audio Player component. It plays all types of
files provided in Open File Dialog Filter. 

Video Player: This is a Video Player component. It plays all types of
files provided in Open File Dialog Filter. 

Internet Browser: This is an Internet component having options like
back, forward, stop, refresh, home, search etc., QWERTY Keyboard is
provided in this application.

I confirm that the information provided above is correct as per my
knowledge.

		

							SRINIVAS.K                               

