Last Modified: Jul 11, 2007 

Manisha Nilesh Savairam

Raj Palace, Sector 2, Plot 16, Kopar Khairane,mumbai -401202

Telephone: (Res.) 91+217+2653523 /(Mobile) 9819019913

Email: manisha.shendge@gmail.com

Date of Birth: 20/12/1981

Cost to Company: 1.90 lacs

Software engineer (VB, SQL,ASP.Net)

Key Skills: VB, Core JAVA ,ASP.Net , SQL 2000

Total Years of Experience: 3 Year(s) 0 Month(s)      

Current Industry: IT-Software/Software Services

Current Functional Area: IT Software - Client Server

 

Current Location: Navi Mumbai

Location Preference: Anywhere in India

Education

 B.Tech/B.E.  (Electronics/Telecomunication)   from Mumbai University in
2004.

Summary of Skills and Experience

MANISHA NILESH SAVAIRAM

Flat Number-402, Raj Palace,Sector 2,plot 16, Kopar Khairane, District:
THANE

Mobile Number  09819019913, E-Mail: manisha.shendge@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

To avail the opportunity in the prevailing condition of the organization
that will give the best direction to my efforts.

EXPERIENCE : Software Programmer, Jet Air Private limited on project:I -
Master creation for Moon System     Duration  4 Month     Team Size  3

 Description: JetAir Pvt. Ltd (JAL) is a GSA, Its database has a master
tables.                    Data in these tables is entered through the
web application.          This Web based Application was developed to
manage the agents data                   Efficiently using ASP.NET as
Front End and SQL-2000 as backend.Software and Platform                 
       Front End: ASP.NET      Back end: SQL-2000

II TDSPACK applications       Duration  6 Month       Team Size  4 

Description: Tax deduction certificates of the airline

Experience

May 2005 -  March 2007  at JET AIR PVT.LTD.

Job Profile: Software Programmer working on two software projects with
using VB 6.0, ASP.Net,Sql-2000

July 2004 -  May 2005  at MIAECT PVT LTD

Job Profile: Worked as a Software engineer and worked on site creation
and Educational CD creation project.

 

IT Skills

Skill Name	Proficiency	Last Used	Years of Experience

Asp.Net 2.0	proficient	2007	2 Year(s) 0 Month(s)

vb 6.0	proficient	2007	2 Year(s) 8 Month(s)

sql 2000	proficient	2007	2 Year(s) 8 Month(s)



IT Projects

As Programmer at For Jet Air Pvt. Ltd. from  January 2007  - April 2007 

Project Name: Master creation for Moon System

Team Size: 4

Location: mumbai

Profile: JetAir Pvt. Ltd (JAL) is a GSA, Its database has a master
tables.                    Data in these tables is entered through the
web application.          This Web based Application was developed to
manage the agents data                   Efficiently using ASP.NET as
Front End and SQL-2000 as backend.

Role: Team Member.Understanding user requirements.Desining web
forms.writing procedures.creating interfaces.

As Programmer at For Jet Air Pvt. Ltd. from  September 2006  - January
2007 

Project Name: BSP Hot File Data upload

Team Size: 3

Location: mumbai

Profile: Airline data is having ticketing information. It is in the IATA
format.                   This data is to be uploaded in the database
using this application.                   After making correction in
this data.                   It is again converted into IATA format
through this application

Role: Team Member.Desining web forms.Creating procedures using sql-2000
as backend.

As Programmer at Jet Air Pvt Ltd from  May 2005  - September 2006 

Project Name: TDSPAC applications

Team Size: 3

Location: Mumbai

Profile: Description: Tax deduction certificates of the airline to the
government are passed  through                      TDSPAC where  the
data has to be  access  from database using SQL-2000 as                 
  Backend And Visual Basic 6.0 as a front end.         Using Seagate
Crystal Report Developer kit generating reports based on users          
Requirements.  Contribution: Understanding the business and requirements
of user, designing the            Application , creating the
architecture and development.Softwares :  VB 6.0, SQL 2000, Crystal
Reports

Role: Tax deduction certificates of the airline to the government are
passed  through   TDSPAC where  the data has to be  access  from
database using SQL-2000 as Backend And Visual Basic 6.0 as a front end.

As Programmer at MIAECT PVT LTD from  July 2004  - May 2005 

Project Name: site creation for hotels 4u site and educational CD
creation

Team Size: 5

Location: Mumbai

Profile:         Description: The Software firm was working on creating
Educational CDs for SSC/HSC. We                    Are working on the
same as a VB programmer.Contribution: Coding and designing the
Application, creating the architecture.Softwares worked on :  VB 6.0
,SQL 2000,crystal report

Role: Coding and designing applications,creating architecture

Text Resume

MANISHA VASANT SHENDGE

Flat Number-203, Sony Building, Vishal Nagar, Ambadi Road, Vasai Road
(W), District: THANE

Mobile Number  09819019913, E-Mail: manisha.shendge@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

To avail the opportunity in the prevailing condition of the organization
that will give the best direction to my efforts.

EXPERIENCE : Software Programmer, Jet Air Private limited on project:

I - Master creation for Moon System     Duration  4 Month     Team Size 
3

 Description: JetAir Pvt. Ltd (JAL) is a GSA, Its database has a master
tables.                    Data in these tables is entered through the
web application.          This Web based Application was developed to
manage the agents data                   Efficiently using ASP.NET as
Front End and SQL-2000 as backend.Software and Platform                 
       Front End: ASP.NET      Back end: SQL-2000

II TDSPACK applications       Duration  6 Month       Team Size  4 

Description: Tax deduction certificates of the airline to the government
are passed  through                      TDSPAC where the data has to be
access from database using SQL-2000 as                    Backend And
Visual Basic 6.0 as a front end.         Using Seagate Crystal Report
Developer kit generating reports based on users           Requirements. 
Contribution: Understanding the business and requirements of user,
designing the            Application , creating the architecture and
development.Softwares:  VB 6.0, SQL 2000, Crystal Reports

I - BSP Hot File Data upload      Duration  4 Month     Team Size  3

 Description: Airline data is having ticketing information. It is in the
IATA format.                   This data is to be uploaded in the
database using this application.                   After making
correction in this data.                   It is again converted into
IATA format through this application. Software and Platform             
           Front End: Asp 2.0      Back end: SQL-2000

 

II  Miacet Pvt Ltd , On Project of educational CDs       July 2004 Till
May 2005

       Description: The Software firm was working on creating
Educational CDs for SSC/HSC. We                    Are working on the
same as a VB programmer.Contribution: Coding and designing the
Application, creating the architecture.Softwares worked on:  VB 6.0, SQL
2000,crystal report

Technical Qualifications

Bachelor of engineering (Electronics)

InstituteRizvi College of Engineering, Bandra (Affiliated to Mumbai
University)

Year of PassingMay 2004

Score53% 

HSC (Science)

InstituteVidhyavardhini College, Vasai (Affiliated to Mumbai University)

Year of PassingMay 1999

Score61.50% (First Class)

SKILL SET

Visual Basic 6.0. ASP.NETSQL 2000Crystal Report        

PROJECTS

B.E. Programmable Relay Controller

Combining the relay controllers with the Atmel microcontrollers 89C51,
this series can be programmed and a serial connection is set up to the
pc.Sprinklers have been attached to eight onboard relays.The idea is to
make the system compact and user friendly. The project was an immensely
rich learning experience because what we saw and experienced was more
than any textbook could have taught us.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date Of Birth20-12-1981

NationalityIndian

LanguagesEnglish, Hindi, Marathi speak and write

HobbiesDrawing and Reading

