 

 

 

 



Manjiri Patil

 400 709, India. 

Mumbai 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:patilmanjiri23@gmail.com" \o
"mailto:patilmanjiri23@gmail.com"  patilmanjiri23@gmail.com 

Phone: 91-22-2327806

Mobile: 91-9892788252

Current Location: Mumbai

 

 



Date of Birth  23 Jul 1980

Gender  Female

Nationality  India 

 

 



Work experience

2 years 3 months

Skills

ASP.NET,VB.NET & SQL SERVER

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP,Retail Chains

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Employer

Eresource Infotech (P) Ltd

Current Annual Salary

1.20 lacs per annum

Highest Degree Held

B.E/B.Tech Electronics/Telecommunications Shivaji University

Preferred Job Location

Bangalore,Mumbai,Pune

 

 



Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

ASP.NET

Mar 2007

Intermediate

27 months

SQL Server

Mar 2007

Intermediate

15 months

 

 



IT/ Computers - Software

 

 





RESUME 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Name : Manjiri Raghunath Patil 

Address for Communication : Flat No. 506, Orchid CHS, 

Plot No. 56, Sector 15 

Near D'mart, 

Koparkhairane 

Mumbai - 400 709, India. 

Permanent Address : Plot No. 05 Devendra Housing Society 

Shyamraonagar, 

Sangli - 416 416 

Contact Telephone No. : (0233) 2327806 

+919892788252(Mobile) 

E-mail id :   HYPERLINK "mailto:patilmanjiri23@gmail.com" \o
"mailto:patilmanjiri23@gmail.com"  patilmanjiri23@gmail.com  

Date of Birth : 23-07-1980 

Sex : Female 

Marital Status : Single 

Total Experience : 2.3 Years 

OBJECTIVE 

To build upon present skills and to seek a position that provides
opportunities to keep abreast with the latest trends and developments in
the field of Information Technology. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 

  BE (ELECTRONICS)- [2000-2002] from Textile Institute Of Engineering
- Ichalkarnji, Shivaji University, -M.S, India with 62.00% 

  Diploma (correspondence) [1999] from Maharashtra State Board Of
Technical, India with 68.68% 

  Scored 65.48 % in the Higher secondary 

  Scored 91.85 % in Matriculation Exam (10th) 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Platforms : Windows 2003 Server, Windows Nt/2000 

Languages : Vb6.0,Vb.Net And C++ 

Environment : Asp.Net,Ado.Net,Crystal report 

RDBMS : SQL Server 2000, MS-Access 

Web Server : Microsoft IIS 

Tools : Visual Stdio.Net 2003 

Client Side Scripting : HTML, JavaScript & VBScript. 

Awareness : Asp, Html, Windows Sharepoint Services 

Reports : Crystal report 

LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY 

Languages Read Write Speak 

English : Good Good
Goodഠ敇浲湡㨠䜠潯⁤潇摯䴠摯牥瑡⁥䠍湩楤㨠䜠潯⁤
潇摯䜠潯⁤䔍偘剅䕉䍎⁅

  Worked as Software Developer in Eresource Infotech (P) Ltd., Mumbai
from February 2007 to till date. 

  Worked as a Software Engineer in Vertex Info Services (P).Ltd From
October 2004 to January 2007 

  Worked as a Faculty in Swift Technology (P) Ltd. From October 2003
to September 2004 

PROJECTS PROFILE 

Project Name : Sleek (Retail Management System) 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : Feb' 2007 - Till Date 

Team Size : 6 

Environment : Asp.Net, Sqlserver2000-Sp4 

Sleek is Retail Management System for Modular kitchen appliances. It is
ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning). It consists of four sections
Accessories, Appliances, Carcass and Shutters with different modules as
Master entry, Buyers, Client servicing, Dispatch, Purchase, Sales, and
reports. The software have provision to generate Enquiry, Quotation,
Order, Packing list, Purchase order, Invoice. Packing list is only
applicable for Accessories and appliances. Bill deletion and recovery
facility is also provided. The application has also provision to
generate periodic reports such as product in invoice, LR pending, Group
wise product details, Sales Analysis Report etc. 

The activities involved were: 

  Understanding the requirements Functionally and Technically 

  Coding and Testing (Unit and Integration) the application 

  Making Data Structure, Writing Stored Procedure,Cursors ,User
Defined Functions 

Project Name : Development of Interactive System for Mobile Customers 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : Nov' 2006 - Jan 2007 

Team Size : 3 

Environment : Asp.Net, Sqlserver2000-Sp4, Tapi Software 

Mobile Customer Data Management System intends to extract information
from 3 sections: mobile section, through a computer section in LAN &
remotely on telephone through IVRS system. 

The Database so created that has fields highlighting the available
facilities and critical information like Security Deposit. The
activities involved were: 

  Understanding the requirements Functionally and Technically 

  Coding and Testing (Unit and Integration) the application 

Project Name : Developed Online Factoring Reports 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : July'06 - Octo'06 

Team Size : 3 

Environment : Asp.Net, Sqlserver2000-Sp4 

Online Factoring Reports is about Parsing files. System breaks prn files
and creates separate aspx files for clients. Input files contain reports
of clients. One input file contains same type of reports for multiple
clients. 

This software breaking files into pieces in such a way that one output
file contains reports of one client and save that reports in
corresponding folders of clients. So when we want to display report of
particular client, it would display. There is Admin,Factor,Broker and
client. Admin has rights to see reports of factor, broker and client.
Similar way factor has rights to see the reports. Report log file has
created to see the status of the report. If invalid user has trying to
access to see the reports
then愠捣獥⁳敤楮摥瀠条⁥潷汵⁤楤灳慬⹹ഠ桔⁥捡楴
楶楴獥椠癮汯敶⁤敷敲›

  Understanding the requirements Functionally and Technically 

  Coding and Testing (Unit and Integration) the application 

  Making Data Structure, Writing Stored Procedure,Cursors ,User
Defined Functions 

Project Name : Developed Invoice Parser 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : March'06 - May'06 

Team Size : 3 

Environment : Asp.Net, Sqlserver2000-Sp4 

This software has provision to parse rpt files and breaks input rpt file
into separate invoices. System also creates meta file that can be used
to import the document in share point list using dockit.In rpt file We
first find out Universal character, From that we were breaking the file
Section above the Universal character was stored in One Html File and
remaining data is stored in meta file 

K

L

M

	

#

2

C

J

K

L

M

N

O

œ

ž

Ÿ

 

¡

µ

¶

·

,M

N

 

¡

 

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

¸

¹

º

»

¼

½

¾

¿

Î

Ï

ß

à

á

ç

è

h

i

j

¼

¼

½

¾

¿

Ï

à

à

á

è

Activities involved were 

  Understanding the Application Functionally and Technically 

  Coding and Testing 

Project Name : Developed Freight Dynamic 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : Nov'05 - Feb'06 

Team Size : 2 

Environment : Asp.Net Sqlserver2000-Sp4 

Freight Dynamic is Courier system. This project utilizes for sending the
courier from source to destination location. Administrator takes care of
sending courier, deciding commission agent. Charges of package are
decided by giving courier's length, width & height. 

Activities involved were 

  Understanding the Application Functionally and Technically 

  Coding and Testing 

Project Name : Developed Swift Technology Site. 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : June'05 - Octo'05 

Team Size : 3 

Environment : Asp.Net, sqlserver2000-sp4 

This is online study solution. This software has provision to handle all
the transactions of GATE exam. This software has provision to handle
updated Information about exam, Study material as per different trade,
Practical analysis of experiment, Test papers on basis
of洠牡獫‬捓牯⁥慣摲琠⁯湡污獹獩瀠潲牧獥ⱳ传汮湩
⁥畱獥楴湯映牯浵‮䄍瑣癩瑩敩⁳湩潶癬摥眠牥⁥

%  Understanding the Application Functionally and Technically 

  Coding and Testing 

Project Name : Hospital Management System 

Role : Team Member 

Duration : Octo'04 - May'05 

Team Size : 3 

Environment : Vb.Net, Sqlserver2000-Sp4 

This software handles the transactions of the patient's all type of
information that is carried out through different forms. Using this
project we can make transactions in the forms related with patients
e.g.Code Definitions Option,Transactions,Reports,Utility 

DECLARATION 

I hereby affirm that the above-furnished information is true to the best
of my knowledge. I will be happy to provide any additional particulars
that I may have inadvertently missed out. 

(Manjiri R. Patil) 

Mumbai





