CURRICULUM VITAE

Sanjay Vilas Jadhav					         Suryadarshan co. op.hsg.society

  HYPERLINK "mailto:sanjayjadhav81@yahoo.co.nz" 
sanjayjadhav81@yahoo.co.nz                                             
Plot no 2, Room no 4, Mhada Colony,

  HYPERLINK "mailto:meetsanjayj@gmail.com"  meetsanjayj@gmail.com       
                                              Mulund(East)   
Mumbai-400081

	 Mobile: 9833566192

 

	

Career Objective:

       (To secure a challenging position where I can effectively
contribute my skills as Software Professional, possessing competent
Technical Skills.

Current Job Profile:

Company Name   : Seclore Technology Pvt. Ltd.

                                 201,Town Center,Andheri-Kurla road

                                 Andheri(East)

                                 Mumbai – 400 059

Designation          : Software Engineer-II

                   Software/Tools             :  VC++ (SDK- Win 32)

Duration                :  from 17th Nov 2005 to present.

			

Current CTC      :    2.52 Lac P.A

Worked on Design and implementation on BISF Revealer module of BISF
FileServer and Policy Server.

It’s application developed In SDK.,which is used for Decrypting
different types of document. this application revealing file which is
encrypted by using 128 bit Blowfish Symmentric algorithm.It is also
using    Structured Storage concept of COM ,OLE Automation,Keyboard
hooking.

CUSTOMER PROJECT IMPLEMENTATIONS :

A)BISF version 3.0 commercial release launch:

       Role:  Designing and complete Implementation	

     	     Technology Used: VC++(SDK)

     Description: It’s application developed In SDK.,which is used for
Decrypting different   

       types of document. this application revealing file which is
encrypted by using 128 bit 

     Blowfish Symmentric algorithm.It is also using    Structured
Storage concept of COM

      ,OLE Automation,Keyboard hooking.

B) Kotak Wealth Management Project: 

          Role:  Designing and complete Implementation	

     	         Technology Used: VC++(SDK)

         Description: It’s application developed In SDK.,which is used
for Decrypting different   

         types of document. this application revealing file which is
encrypted by using 128 bit 

       Blowfish Symmentric algorithm.It is also using    Structured
Storage concept of COM

        ,OLE Automation,Keyboard hooking.

          

C) Delivery of Sify Project :

Role:  Designing and complete Implementation	

          Technology Used: VC++(SDK)

           Description: It’s application developed In SDK.,which is
used for Decrypting different   

           types of document. this application revealing file which is
encrypted by using 128 bit 

         Blowfish Symmentric algorithm.It is also using    Structured
Storage concept of COM

           , OLE Automation,Keyboard hooking.

	

Educational Qualifications:  

       ( Post Graduation :

Degree	Name of the Institute	Year	Percentage	Grade

PG Diploma in Advanced Computing (DAC)	Center for Development of
Advanced Computing (CDAC-ACTS), Pune, India	2005	70.17 %	A



Examination

	Discipline/

Specialization	School/college	Board/

University	Year of Passing	%





B.Tech	

Chemical	Shri Shivaji Education Society College of Engg. & Tech. Akola
Amaravati University	

2003	68.38

Diploma	

Chemical.	V.P.M’S Polytechnic, Thane	M.S.B.T.E.	2000	63.22

S. S. C

Bal Vidya Mandir  Thane	Mumbai	1997	74.00

      ( Under Graduation :

Computer Skills:

Font End	: C, C++, Windows Programming using SDK, Visual C++ using MFC
,Core                       Java,Enterprise Java (J2EE), Visual Basic,
VB.Net, C#.Net,                                 .

Back End		: ORACLE-9i, MS-SQL.

Web Applications       : XML and Web Technologies.

Server Page                 : Java Sever Page(JSP), Active Server Page(
ASP.NET)

Markup Language       : HTML,DHTML.

Scripting Language     : Java Script.

Operating Systems	: Windows 9X/2000/XP, DOS 6.0.

Concepts                        : Data Communication & Networking(DCN),
Software Engineering, OS Concepts

Specialization in CDAC :  Core Java, Enterprise Java(J2EE), Database
Technologies (Oracle 9i)

Language Known: English, Marathi, Hindi.

Academic Project: 

Project1: Studies In Rheology Of Some Non-newtonian Fluid and Extract In
Laminar                        

               Region (B.Tech Final Year Project).

DESCRIPTION: 

            This Project Contains studies different types of fluid’s
flow behavior it’s properties like density ,viscosity and flowrate
whether it is laminar or turbulent.

Project2: Manufacturing of Di-Ethyl Oxalate (1 Ton per day) (Diploma
Project)

DESCRIPTION: 

	This Project contents Manufacturing process ,chemical reaction ,plant
utility ,plant layout ,uses ,Cost Estimation ,Thermodynamic Feasibility
. This is used as a solvent in many other processes.

Project3:     Chat Server Application (DAC Final Project)

Language of Implementation: 	 J2EE- (RMI, Applet)

Operating System: 	 Windows 95/98, NT, XP and 2000 Professional.

DESCRIPTION:

            Chat Server Application enables more than one client to
communicate in text format, i.e. many to many communications can be
established. Through this, any one can communicate with others without
having login id. User only needs to create an instance user name which
will be temporarily used to communicate with others for a single user.
This product will work on Intranet. This project is developed using
Remote Method Invocation (RMI). 

Job Experience:

           Company Name : Polycoat Powders Ltd. 

           Field 		  : Paint

           Designation        : Production Supervisor

           Duration             : 4 Months

Personal Profile:

Name                           :    Sanjay Vilas Jadhav 

Father’s Name             :    Vilas Bajirao Jadhav

Sex			 :    Male

Marital Status		 :     Single

Nationality		 :     Indian

Hobbies                        :     Watching Movie, Listening to Music,
Playing Cricket.

Permanent Address	 :      SuryaDarshan Co. HSG. Soci., Plot No -2 , Room
No - 4, Mhada                   

                                           
Colony,Mulund(East),Mumbai-400081           

Phone No                     :       022-25630973

Mobile No                    :       09833566192

Date of Birth                :       09-12-1981

Current CTC          : 2.52 Lac Per Annum

Expected   CTC      : 4.20 Lac per Annum

Declaration:		

                       I hereby declare that the above-mentioned
information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility
for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place: Mumbai                                                           
                         (Sanjay V Jadhav) 

Date : 

