Resume

Charudatta B.Deshmukh

E-mail: charudattadeshmukh@gmail.com

E-mail:charudattadeshmukh@yahoo.com

PH: 09821883107 (Mumbai)

Career Objective:

  

To work in a Software Organization as a Software Developer where, the
ultimate goal is success and the Organization’s growth is directly
proportional to individual’s growth and satisfaction.

Personal Profile:

An engineering Graduate with a Diploma in Advance Computing from C-DAC.

Excellent communication skills, articulate.

Hard working and skill to work in a team.

Analytically problem solving ability.

Academic Qualification

Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical from A.I.S.S.M’S College of
Engineering, Pune with 58.30% in Final Year from Pune University. 

H.S.C with First Class, 71.83%

Shivaji College, Barsi.

S.S.C with Distinction, 81.28%. 

Professional Qualification

Diploma in Advanced Computing (DAC)

Successfully completed DAC course from Vidyanidhi InfoTech Academy,
Mumbai.

The skill set developed during the course:

Operating Systems	   	: Linux, Windows Xp (fundamental working of OS)

Languages : 		: C, C++,VB.Net ,C#,DotNet, Core Java, J2ee 

Database Technologies  	: Oracle 9i, SQL SERVER 2000/2005

Windows Programming  	: SDK, MFC

Web Technologies	    	: HTML, JavaScript, Xml, Asp.net

Reports		   	: Seagate Crystal Reports

Work & Training Experience

1] Position /Title   		Employer/Institute			Duration 

 Programmer		Training Experience (During CDAC course)	 15 days

Client: Powersolv Inc, USA

Project: Career Track.com

Description: The website would be a one-stop portal for all matters
relating to education and careers. The website would be totally database
driven.  The contents of the website   would be uploaded by the
end-users such as Universities, Colleges, Institutes, Corporate,
Professionals, Teachers, Parents, Students, etc.  It would offer a Many
is to Many Relationship model between Providers and End users. We worked
for Home Page, Post Login and Administration module out of 40 modules in
this project

Responsibilities: 

Programming. 

Administration

Co-coordinating with other modules.

Conceptualizing, Designing, Prototyping and Developing application
modules.

Responsible for creating conceptual design docs and reviewing of team
members.

Responsible for application bugs, enhancements, tracking and fixing.  

Platform & Skills: HTML, Java, JDK 1.5, JSP, Servlets, J2EE, JDBC API,
PL/SQL, Oracle 9i, WindowsNT

2] Position/Title				Employer 	         Duration	

Software Development Trainee      Optimal InfoTech Pvt. (ltd)          1
month

Client: Vidhyanidhi InfoTech Academy, Mumbai

Project: Placement Cell

Description: The project covers the overall functionality of the
placement cell of an institute providing professional courses.
Maintaining, updating student information, company information, company
statistics, student statistics etc. The main technical area of work was
ADO .net and Stored Procedures.

Responsibilities: 

Responsible for technically leading team of Dot Net and Sql Server
skilled team of six.

Conceptualizing, Designing, Prototyping and Developing application
modules.

Programming

Responsible for application bugs, enhancements, tracking and fixing.  

Platform & Skills: VB.Dot net using Visual Studio 2005 with SQL Server
2000 on Windows NT

3] Position/Title				Employer 	          	Duration	

Software Development Executive      Optimal InfoTech Pvt. (ltd)        
3 months

Client: Orient Craft Ltd, Delhi

Project: Bug Tracking System for Garment Export industry.

Description: The project covers the overall functionality of the
bug/Enhancement and maintenance cycle between clients and the software
service providing company. 

The project covers the overall functionality client-vendor communication
cycle in terms of Bug/Enhancement as Bug/Enhancement-reporting- 

Bug/Enhancement-Modeling

Bug/Enhancement-Designing (If Required)

Bug/Enhancement-Fixing-

Bug/Enhancement-Testing.

Three Tier Architecture (Distributed Application Using Dot Net Remoting)

1) Presentation Layer

2) Business Logic Layer

4) Database layer

Responsibilities

Programming

Maintaining Back End Transactions(Isolation Levels)

 Designing modules.

 Responsible for creating design docs.

 Responsible for application bugs, enhancements, tracking and fixing.  

Platform & Skills: VB.Dot net using Visual Studio 2005 with SQL Server
2000, using Stored Procedures with XML Schema, on Windows NT 

4] Position/Title				Employer 	          	Duration	

Software Development Executive      Optimal InfoTech Pvt. (ltd)        
31/2 months

Client: Company owned Product 

Project: Framework Development using VB.Net, for Enterprise Resource
Solution for Garment Export industry.

Description: The project covers the basic framework building for the
development of ERP Software for Garment Export management Industry. e.g.

Common Classes for technical functionalities as ADD, EDIT, SAVE, SEARCH,
PRINT, and NAVIGATE. Common Grid Based functions as Grid Headings,
Column Data typing, Cell Property setting etc.

Framework development contains the basic features as

Constructing Four Tier Architecture i.e. Distributed Application Using
Dot Net Remoting 

Using TCP/IP Channel, Binary formatters

1) Presentation Layer

2) Business Logic Layer

3) Database connectivity layer

4) Database layer

Responsibilities

Programming

Maintaining Back End Transactions

 Designing modules.

 Responsible for creating design docs.

 Responsible for application bugs, enhancements, tracking and fixing.  

Platform & Skills: VB.Dot net using Visual Studio 2005 with SQL Server
2000, using Stored Procedures with XML Schema, on Windows NT 

5] Position/Title				Employer 	          	Duration	

Software Development Executive   Optimal InfoTech Pvt. (ltd)   4 months
and working on

Client: Company Product for clients as Garment Exporters as Orient Craft
ltd, Denube Creations, Pantaloon etc

Project: Visual Gems.Net the New Version for Visual Gems Enterprise
Resource planning software.

Description: The project covers the ERP software for manufacturing
Industry especially for Garment Export management. It contains four main
modules as following

1] Export order management

2] Inventory management

3] Production order management

4] Shipment Management

5] Reports (Grid Reports and Crystal Reports)

Using Four Tier Architecture (Distributed Application Using Dot Net
Remoting)

1) Presentation Layer

2) Business Logic Layer

3) Database connectivity layer

4) Database layer

Responsibilities

Programming

Maintaining Back End Transactions (Isolation Levels)

 Designing modules.

 Responsible for creating design docs.

 Responsible for application bugs, enhancements, tracking and fixing.  

Platform & Skills: VB.Dot net using Visual Studio 2005 with SQL Server
2000, using Stored Procedures with XML Schema, on Windows NT 

6] Position/Title				Employer 	          	Duration	

Software Development Executive   Optimal InfoTech Pvt. (ltd)         15
days

Client: Company Product for internal Use

Project: Data Migration

Description: The project contains stored procedures that perform the
task to pull all the data in existing tables i.e. data is extracted to
newly designed tables managing fields and their data types and their
constraints from old databases. The old data is pulled in Cursors
according to header or detail tables and inserted in to new tables.

Responsibilities

Back end Programming in Stored Procedures

Maintaining Tables as per Design Standards

 Responsible for creating design docs.

Platform & Skills:  SQL Server 2000 using Stored Procedures with XML
Schema, on Windows NT 

Work Experience Summary

Total Work Experience 1 Year and Half month

Current Employer: Optimal InfoTech Pvt. (ltd)

Current CTC: 1.96 lacs Per Annum 

Notice Period: One Month

Extra Curricular Activities:

1] Active participation in Blood Donation camp held at college premises.

2] Member of Blood Donation center at Denanath Mangeshkar hospital,
Pune.

3] Yog- Abhyasak for two years In Kabir Bagh Math Sanstha, Pune.

Personal Details:

Date of Birth:	01-12-1979

Sex: Male

Marital Status: Single

Languages Known: Marathi, Hindi, English, First level Japanese Language.

Permanent Address:

Charudatta Deshmukh

Swasti Shree Soc, Smruti Appt, Block 1B, Plot No 23, Karvenagar Pune-52

Maharashtra State, India.

Place: Pune										Date:

		

	

