		

RAHUL  JAIN

Flat No.302, Sun Om Building 				         Email Id :    HYPERLINK
"mailto:Rahul.s.jain@ril.com"  Rahul.S.Jain@ril.com 

Plot No.10/11 , Sector-1 					         Contact No.  :  +91-9833090924

SANPADA , Navi Mumbai -400705

Objective

To reach Pinnacle of Success with Determination, Dedication and Devotion
to the assigned Job , thereby meeting the Goal of the Organization.

Around 1 year of  working experience in Java/JSP  in Software
development , Programming  & Maintenance , currently  working with
Reliance Industries Ltd , Mumbai as a  Software Engineer.

A Good team player with Excellent Communication , interpersonal and team
leadership Skills.

Experience 

From 1- Nov 2006 - To till date

Working in Reliance InfoSolutions Pvt Ltd ( Reliance Industries GROUP) ,
Mumbai as a Software Engineer on  J2EE  

From 1 July 2006 To 28 Oct 2006 

      Worked as an Instructor on Java In Green Line System Pvt Ltd ,
Jaipur.

Academic Profile

B.E ( Hons.) in Electronics & Communication Engg. in 2006 from 
Maharishi Arvind Institute Of Engineering & Technology ,  Jaipur.

     Aggregate: 74.7% 

Senior Secondary Education  (Raj. Board)  from  Dausa  in June 2001 with
Percentage 66.49% , 71.08% (PCM)

Secondary Education (Raj. Board) from  Dausa in June 1998. with 
Percentage: 74.00%

Technical Summary

Operating System   : Windows  2000/9x

Programming & Web Technologies : Core Java , Servlet , JSP , JDBC , EJB,
Html ,Struts(Basic)

Data Bases  : SQL server , Oracle 9i , Ms-Access

Application & Webserver : Tomcat 4.0/5.0  , WebSphere (Introduction)

Tools : Edit Plus 2.1 , Eclipse 3.2 ,  Ms-Office 2003

Summer Training

Company  :    Indian Airlines Ltd , I.G.I Airport , New Delhi.

Duration   :    30 Days.

      Job            :    Aircraft Subsystems.  

  

Company  :    SCL – VEDANT, Lucknow

Duration   :     45 Days

Job            :    VHDL  Programming

Achievements

5 th position in BE ( E&C ) 

I was  a member of Editorial Board of school magazine  “ DISHA“

Innovative works 

Emergency Caller 

 The objective of this project is to avoid the manual informing to the
ambulance as a vehicle mets an accident. In this as a vehicle mets an
accident , a module system based on GSM & Location tracking , mounted in
it automatically calls to the nearest centre or at 102.

Vehicle Tracking & Location Guide System

The objective of this project is to trace a vehicle as well as to help a
visitor by providing a map of the area to guide him for reaching the
nearest visiting places with the help of tracking system. This project
is based on concept of pointer movement with GSM and GPRS technologies
instead of using Satellite.

Hitech System 

It was an idea for making a hitechnology system with the help of  new
emerging technologies like Bluetooth ,Wi-Fi , RFID and GPS .

Projects 

Project #1 : HR  Information DashBoard  ( A Strategic Tool)

It is a portal based project delivered to Top Cadre Management & HR
department of RIL aiming for Strategy Making and  providing Information
of employees with their database on a single click with diferent-2
categories like Experience ,  Department , Plant, Location , Payroll ,
Long Service etc. This is made by using  of Java , Jsp , Servlet and EJB
technologies.

Academic Projects:

Project# 2 : District merit List ( Website For Ranking of Districts in
JSP) 

District Merit List is a website which provides ranking of all the
districts in a given state on some parameters like  Educational Scenario
, Industrial Scenario ,Citizen Welfare Scheme , Environmental factors
etc.  

Project# 3 : INFRABOT (Infrared Controlled Robotics Vehicle  )

Infrabot(Infrared Controlled Robotics Vehicle ) is a type of Robotics
Vehicle which moves in three direction left , right & forward. This
project is based on the principle of emission & detection of infrared
rays using infrared Sensor.

Project# 4 : Wireless Robot ( FM Controlled Robotics Vehicle)

It is an extension of Infrabot using Frequency Modulation to be used for
a large distance operated with the help of  a computer keyboard .

Extra Curricular Activities

Took  Part in 

     Debate : 

Can IT play a pivotal role in the development of Indian Economy ?

  Paper Presentation :

Mobile Communication          ( M.A.I.E.T  , JAIPUR)

Bluetooth Technology            ( GYAN VIHAR UNIVERSE, JAIPUR )

Blue Eyes Technology            ( GOVT. ENGG. COLLEGE, AJMER )        

Emerging Trends In VLSI      ( SCL-VEDANT, LUCKNOW )

Hardware Competition :

INFRABOT                           ( JAIPUR ENGG .COLLEGE , KUKAS)

(Infrared Controlled Robotics Vehicle ) 

Personal Interest

Hobbies              :  Participation in Social  activities ,
Presentations & Interacting With People 

Inner Attribute    :  Willingness to learn , Enthusiasm & Initiative

My Strength        :  Optimistic , Innovative , Self Learning & having
Team Skills 

My Weakness      :  Credulous , Emotional

Personal Details 

Date Of Birth    	:  	July 14 , 1984

Father’s Name  	:  	Mr. Satish Chand Jain

Marital Status   	:  	Single

Languages	:  	English & Hindi 

Permanent Address    	:  	S/O Mr. Satish Chand Jain

Jain Bhawan  , Near Durga  Mandir

Dausa (Rajasthan) PIN- 303303

E-Mail ID        	:  	Rahul_jain2002@rediffmail.com

Passport No.               	:  	F8814915



 PAGE   

Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  3 

