Hemant Kumar NathSharma

102,B/14 Saraf Choudhry Nagar

Thakur Complex

Kandivali (E)

Mumbai – 101

Mobile:-09869768210

E-mail:- hemantnsharma@gmail.com

             hemant_nath_sharma@yahoo.co.in

Objective:

   		To work in a dynamic and growth stimulating environment, which
provides ample opportunity to utilize and enhance my skills and be a
successful professional in the field of Information Technology.

Summary: 2.3 yrs of experience in Software
Development(Java/J2EE,Oracle8i) 

Adequate Competency: Java,Servlet,Jsp,Ejb

Career Summary:

Experience as Developer (Development, Implementation and Enhancement ).

Well acquainted with the coding constructs used in JSP, HTML, Oracle
10g,PL/SQL.

Done projects using the Client-Server Model and projects related to Web
Application.

An ardent learner of new concepts with any extent of hard work required.

Professional Qualification

1. Master in Computer Application (M.C.A) under Utkal University  in
2004.

2. B.Sc under Utkal university in 2000.

3. +2 Science  under CHSE,Orissa in 1997.

3. HSC   BSE,Orissa in 1995.

 

Software Exposure:

Programming Languages	:	JAVA, Pl/Sql, C

Database Server		:	Oracle8i,Oracle 10g

Application Server		:     	Web Logic 7.0,Jboss

Web Server			:     	Apache Tomcat 5.5,iPlanet6

Internet Technologies		:     	SERVLET, JSP, EJB, XML, HTML

Operating Systems		:	Windows,Linux.

Work Experience:

Working as an Associate Consultant (Technology) in Techshastra(I)Pvt
Ltd. Mumbai from 06/03/06 to Till Date.

Worked as a Software Programmer in Base Information Management(P) Ltd.
in Mumbai from 14/05/05 to 06/03/06.

Worked as a Programmer in AB Information Management  Orissa from
02/12/04 to 30/04/2005.

#Project Details:

Name of the Project	         :	             PMS- Primary Market System

Client 			         :	             JM MORGAN STANLEY
FINANCIALSERVICES(P)LTD

					(www.jmmorganstanley.com)

Team Size		         :	             3

Duration		         :		June' 06 – Till Date

Operating  System	         :	             Linux

Web Server		         :     	Tomcat-5.5.

DataBase		         :		Oracle 10g.

Internet Technologies	         :     	HTML, XML JAVA, JSP

Role                                         :	            
Codding,Manual Testing and discuss the requirements	

					 with the user (Operation team) and convert the business	

					 requirements into technical specifications.

Activities Performed	        :	       

	    

* Preparing Technical/Functional Document of Brokerage Calculation
module.

* Optimization of application for performance improvement .

* Designed and implemented SERVICE TAX module.

* Designed and implemented Cash Management System(CMS) module.

Description                    	       :  	    Primary Market
System(PMS) is a state of the art solution that automates the tracking
of the application forms, brokerage calculations, and captures the
redemption's for a brokerage houses involved in the distribution of
primary market products. Reconciliation with Registrar and Transfer
agents for application's forwarded and brokerage calculations is
automated and PRIMA can handle a variety of primary market products such
as IPO's, Mutual Funds, Fixed Income securities and Company fixed
deposits.

Name of the Project	         :	             Employee Information System

Organization		         :	             Techshastra(I)PvtLtd.

Team Size		         :	             4

Duration		         :		Mar' 06 – May’06

Operating  System	         :	             Windows

Application Server	         :     	Jboss

Web Server		         :     	Tomcat-5.5.

Internet Technologies	         :     	SERVLET, JSP, EJB

Role:	             	                          Coding,Manual Testing.

Description                    	      :  	   The EIS(Employee
Information System) is an internal    project for Techshastra(I)Pvt Ltd.
It is very important to keep employee information organized and easily
accessible.This project fullfils the requrement i.e data that can be
stored in the database covers a large range of useful employee
information. Along with their name and address we can also list such
information as date of birth, job title, and many more crucial pieces of
information. HR Manager also tracks information regarding Attendance,
Leave and  Knowledge Base. Besides listing information we can print
reports for easy reference and to save hard copies in files.

Name of the Project	         :	             WEB-ITM (The Enterprise
Solution)

Organization		         :	             Base Information Management(P) Ltd

Module		        	         :		SCM(Supply Chain Management)	             

Team Size		         :	             10

Duration		         :		Nov' 05 – Mar’ 06

Operating  System	         :	             Windows

Application Server	         :     	Jboss

Web Server		         :     	jakarta-tomcat-4.0.1.

Internet Technologies	         :     	SERVLET, JSP, EJB, XML

Role:	             	                          Coding, Conducting tests
to evaluate quality and 

					performance

Description                     :  	   This is a Enterprise Resource
Planning (ERP) System. WEBITM provide your Organization with
comprehensive Solutions for the following functional area.

Supply Chain

Financial Account

Procurement

Manufacturing

HRIMS

The job concists of converting PB logic into java to make it web
enabled. Each module has several windows and each window provides
specific business solution and it is combined with some buttons
performing business actions. The job is to put logic of those buttons
into EJB and test through Eclipse.

Name of the Project	         :	            CashTech(National Bank
System).

Organization		         :	            Base Information Management(P) Ltd

Client			         :		Cash-Tech Solution(I),Pune			 

Team Size		         :	             3

Duration		         :		May' 05 – Oct’05

Operating  System	         :	             Window 2000

Web Server		         :     	Tomcat 5.0

Internet Technologies	         :     	JAVA,JSP, XML.XSD

FrameWork  	                       : 	            WebWork2.0, 

Others   	                       : 	            JAXB,ECLIPSE.

Role			         :	            Coding, Testing and Implimentation.

Description                              		This is a Batch Processing
System.In this ,Bactch Number is the Unique identifier generated
automatically by the system.The user can Add entry,Delete entry,View the
batch detail and Edit the batch etc. Entering a Collection
Transaction,the data can either be entered manually by the user,or it
can be uploaded into CashIn.Once the Instrument has been deposited in
the Client’s bank branch,batch details are entered at the branch where
the Cash Management product is offered. The job concists of codding and
analysis requrement,implementation in Client System.

Name of the Project	         :	             ITM (Intigrated Trading and
Manufacturing)

Organization		         :	             AB Information Management

Client		         	         :	             Base Information Management(P)
Ltd

Team Size		         :	             8

Duration		         :		Dec’04 – Apr’05

Operating  System	         :	             Windows

Application Server	         :     	Jboss,Jaguar Enterprise Server.

Web Server		         :     	Jakarta-tomcat-4.0.1.

Internet Technologies	         :     	SERVLETJSP,EJB,XML.

Role:	             	                          Coding, Testing  &
Documentation

Description                       :       ITM is an ERP created by Base
Information Management. to meet the business requirements of various
business houses. Each module consists a number of windows related to
various business processes. The job concists of converting user
interface forms in Power Builder to Java through xml,xsl and jsp for Web
Enabled.Creating Web Services to call PB Components deployed in Jaguar
Server for events of Item Change and Validation.

Personal Details :

Date of Birth		:	10th March 1980

Permanent Address	:	Taradipal,Kendrapara,Orissa-754240

Gender			:	Male

Marital Status		:	Single

Nationality		:	Indian

Language Known	:	English, Hindi, Oriya.

Extra-curricular

Activities                            :	Interest in Social work

Place:

Date:										Signature

