Name : Nilesh Subhash  Rane                                     

E-Mail:l nilesh.raney@yahoo.co.in

Address: 3/9 , Fran Jane Manor (Building Name), Near Janata Sahakari
Bank , K-Villa ,Thane  .

                                                      RESUME

NILESH  SUBHASH  RANE

Academics:    

                      B.E. Computers from University Of Mumbai in
February 2004.

Total Experience: 

                     Two   years and seven  months  .

Current  Job:  working in  ANM soft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.  In Mahape
,Navi Mumbai .

Technical Skill Summary: 

	Description	Proficiency Level	Projects Done

J2EE Technologies



	J2EE Design Patterns	Studied  most of the applied J2EE Design patterns
.	8/10

	JSP	Using common tags , Creating custom tags	8/10	Y

Servlets	Application initiation, Session Management, Database Access,
Implementing tasks a controller does	8/10	Y

JDBC	Firing regular , Prepared  and Callable  queries , Manipulating
Resultsets	7/10	Y

EJB	Session, Entity and Message Driven Bean.  Working Knowledge 	5/10

	Swing	Knowledge of  Almost all components, there internal structure,
application development style ,PL&F implementation	8/10

	JNDI,RMI,Java Mail & JMS	Working  knowledge 	3/10

	HTML	Creating Simple view ,either for the purpose of showing forms or
reports	6/10

	JavaScript	Client side validation, accessing  server side Java objects
using AJAX	4/10	Y





	Struts	Basic architecture, application implementation, Most Common APIs
7/10	Y

JSF	Basic architecture, application implementation, Most Common APIs ,
creating custom  JSF UI components 	8/10	Y





	Core Java	  



 AWT	Extensive Study	8/10

	I/O	Extensive Study	6/10	Y

Collection	Knowledge of all the  collection classes  used for storage ,
classes used for  getting unmodifyable or thread safe version storage
classes	8/10	Y

Multithreading	Working knowledge	4/10







ORM Tool



	Hibernate	Specifying table structure, forming HQL queries.	7/10	Y

RDBMS	Oracle 8i,SQL Server 2000,MS Access.	3/10

	Web Servers	Apache Tomcat 5.0,  Bea WebLogic 8.1	6/10

	O. S.	 Windows 2000, MS DOS.	5/10

	Tools	  Eclipse 3.0,WebLogic Workshop, MS Office 2000	7/10	Y



Employment History: 

Year	Organization                         	Role

1st June  2006 till Date 	ANM Soft Technologies 	J2EE Developer



13th June 2005 to June  2006

 	Solversa Technologies (I) Pvt. Ltd	J2EE Developer

June 2004  to June  06 2005	SRS Solutions, Mumbai	Java Programmer



Project  Details :

Project Title	SALOS Banking Application

Role 	Java  Programmer , Designing  application modules 

Client	System access  (Singapore  based client)

Duration  	October 2006–Till Date  

Front End  	Client’s  own framework

Back End 	 Oracle 8i

Technologies 	 Posidon  for UML and  SALOS RAD tool to generate    VO ,
Services , JSP and  configuration files 

Description	It’s a banking  application of a Singapore  based company
.

Responsibility 	 Designing  ,Coding 



Project Title	SFA

Role 	J2EE Developer

Client	Solversa’s own product targeted on mid size manufacturing
companies

Duration  	Currently  under Development 

Front End  	Struts ,JSP

Back End 	MySQL And/Or Oracle 8i

Technologies 	 Struts. JSP , JDBC ,Hibernate ORM

Description	SFA is may be view as one of the ERP module with
functionalities like Order processing , Employee Management.

Responsibility 	 Implementation 



Project Title	Syntelli Tree Application

Role 	JSF Programmer

Client	Syntelli   (US based client of Solversa Tech)

Duration  	October 2005 –Jan 2005  

Front End  	JSF  , JSP

Back End 	MySQL And/Or Oracle 8i

Technologies 	 JSF ,  JSP , JDBC 

Description	Syntelli has its own database on Oracle  . The Current
practice is using desktop  showing the tree based  view  .They need a
web based application .

Responsibility 	 Implementation , Assisting  Test operation



Project Title	Timesheet Management  Application

Role 	 J2EE Developer

Client	In-house  project targeted on mid size software companies 

Duration  	July 2005 –October 2005

Front End  	JSP , Struts. 

Back End 	MySQL , Hibernate ORM

Technologies 	 JSF ,  JSP , JDBC 

Description	This Web Application is used by Solversa itself for keeping
track of employee ‘s task and evaluation .Now  It is  integrated into
Solversa Project Management System  , A product projected on mid size
software companies.

Responsibility 	 Implementation , Assisting  Test operations



Assigned Task	Study Of Pentaho BI project 

Role 	 J2EE Developer

Duration  	A few days

Technologies 	 J2EE , XML 

Description	Pentaho is a Business Intelligence  application  with an
architecture  highly configurable for particular  industry management
body .



Assigned Task	Compiere ERP Solution Study 

Role 	 J2EE Developer

Duration  	Nearly a month

Technologies 	 J2EE  

Description	Compiere is a complete ERP delivered by Open source
community with an architecture  which can be studied as a best practice
with    features   like on the fly  HTML and query generation. Solversa
is  on the verge of  transforming into product based company .ERP based
solutions will be main product line . Compiere study was part of this
process. 



Personal Details: 

Name 	Nilesh Subhash Rane

Address	3/9 , Fran Jane Manor (Building Name), Near Janata Sahakari Bank
, K-Villa ,Thane  .



Cell Phone: 	1] 9867 559 886

E Mail 	1]   HYPERLINK "mailto:nilesh.rane@anmsoft.com" 
nilesh.rane@anmsoft.com 

2]nilesh.raney@yahoo.co.in

3]rane.nilesh@rediffmail.com



Date Of Birth 	 14 January 1981

Sex 	Male

Marital Status 	Single

Nationality 	Indian



