SATYABRATA ROUTRAY

aaesatyabrata@yahoo.co.in

Cell: 9920253659

experience summary:

     

2yrs of experience as a Software Developer with emphasis in development
of web based and business based applications.

Having Professional Experience in IT industry in development of various
projects using       J2SE, J2EE (JSP 2.0, Servlet 2.4, JDBC 3.0, HTML,
and JavaScript).

Good understanding and experience with software development methodology.

Excellent team player with problem solving and shooting capabilities.

Good interpersonal skills and willing to take challenges in software
fields.

Positives attitudes towards learning new things and acquiring more
knowledge. 

Used IDEs like Eclipse IDE 3.1, IntelliJ 5.0, implemented MVC
architecture and Design Patterns like Value Object, Data Access Object
etc.

Good knowledge in developing in Web Components and part of the
Application Management

          involved for deploying in servers like Tomcat 5.0, Web Logic
8.1, and Web Sphere 5.0.

work experience:

Working as a Software Engineer with CEACON INFORMATICS, Bangalore.

Now currently working in Crisil Limited, Mumbai

                      aw   

technical SKILLS:                                   	expertisee	
awareness  

Languages	Java(Core, Advance)	C++                                

Operating System	Win2000, WinXP, Win9x              	LINUX

Databases	Oracle9i	SQL Server

Java/J2EE Technologies	JDBC 3.0,Servlets 2.4, JSP 2.0, 	EJB, RMI, JNDI,
JTA, JMS

Web Technology	HTML, JavaScript, XML

	Application Servers p	BEA Weblogic 8.1,  IBM WebSpehere 5.0	Jboss 4.0

Web Servers	Apache Tomcat 5.0

	IDE-Java	Ecllipse 3.1,IntelliJ 5.0, EditPlus	JBuilder 2005, 

Build Tool	ANT

	Framework	Struts 1.1

	MergeTool Tools	ARAXIS

	LoggingTools

Log4j

Testing Tool

JUnit



                

educational qualification:

‚óè   Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Telecommunication
Engineering from Utkal

     University Bhubaneswar ,Orissa, having 66% marks.

Diploma in Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering from S.C.T.E &
V.T Bhubaneswar ,Orissa, having 62% marks.

Matriculation from B.S.E, Orissa having 74% marks. 

PROJECT 1 :

                           Title:	           UBI RAM

	Environment:	Servlets2.4, JSP2.0, JDBC3.0, HTML, Oracle, Tomcat5.5

Role:		Team Member

Contribution:         Involved in Servlet & JSP coding 

                         Team Size:		3

                                    Duration:	          Continue

 PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

RAM is internal rating software designed to assist a Bank or financial
institution address issues raised by the Internal Rating based approach
of the New Basel Accord (Basel II) and is today the standard feature in
most Banks / financial institutions in India such as Allahabad Bank,
Canara Bank, Central Bank of India, Corporation Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI
Bank, IDBI Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, IndusInd Bank, SICOM, SIDBI, etc.
The services include the regular transactions like deposits, withdrawls,
balance enquiry, balance statements and so on.

PROJECT 2 :

                           Title:	           RAM I18n

	Environment:	Servlets2.4, JSP2.0, JDBC3.0, HTML, Oracle, Tomcat4.0

Role:		Team Member

Contribution:         Import & Export Utility 

                         Team Size:		3

                                    Duration:	          Continue

 PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

Internationationalize the Risk Assesment Model is internal rating
software designed to assist a Bank or financial institution address
issues raised by the Internal Rating based approach of the New Basel
Accord (Basel II) and is today the standard feature in most Banks /
financial institutions in India.

PROJECT 3 :

                           Title:	           Automated Teller Machine
(ATM)

	Environment:	Servlets2.4, JSP2.0, JDBC3.0, EJB, HTML, Oracle,
Weblogic8.1

Role:		Team Member

Contribution:         Involved in Servlet & JSP coding 

                         Team Size:		6

                                    Duration:	          Continue

 PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

The ATM Banking System is software designed to perform various banking
services through the Automated Teller Machine. 

The services include the regular transactions like deposits, withdrawls,
balance enquiry, balance statements and so on.

The software being developed is an application that is used to integrate
and interface the operations both at the level of business area of the
bank and also internal data standardization.

RESPONSIBILITIES :

Developed JSPs for Graphical User Interface.

Usage of JDBC for database connection.

Used Web logic 8.1 for deployment.

PROJECT 4 :

                           Title:	           Telecom Customer Service

	Environment:	JSDK2.0, Servlets2.4, Jdbc, Oracle, Tomcat5.0, Java Bean

                         Team Size:		6

Role:		Team Member

                         Contribution:          Involved in Servlet
coding

Duration:	          7 months.

 PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

To develop a telecom inventory maintenance system, to take care of
customer concerns such as app enquiries and complaints.

The current manual system is slow laborious and error prone to
computerize the same for quicker efficient results and customer
satisfaction.

RESPONSIBILITIES :

Coding and Developing server side programming using servlet.

Used Tomcat 5.0 for deployment.

PROJECT 5 :

                           Title:	           Finance Corporation System

	Environment:	JSP2.0, Servlets2.4,Jdbc, Oracle, Tomcat5.0, Java Bean

                         Team Size:		6

Role:		Team Member

                         Contribution:          Involved in Servlet &
JSP coding 

Duration:	          6 months.

 PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

The main theme of this project is automation of present manual System
which includes process such as 1.Administration 2.Accounting
3.Recruiting 4.Maintenance and process that all activities through
online.

Here the main advantages of this System is to access this database
globally for authorized users.

RESPONSIBILITIES :

Coding and Developing server side programming using servlet and JSP.

Developed JSPs for Graphical User Interface.

Used Tomcat 5.0 for deployment.

  PERSONAL DETAILS:

      Name:                       Satyabrata Routray

      Date of Birth: 	        24th June 1983

      Sex:                           Male

      Marital Status:          Single

      Languages Known:   English, Hindi and Oriya

Place:  Mumbai                                                          
   

                                                                        
               

