Vishal Pandharpurkar                                              Mobil
No.:- 9822796796

                                                                   
Email Id. :- vishal_vp2@yahoo.co.in 

Proffessional Summary                                                   
                                                             

2 years of IT experience in development and deployment of various
Client/Server Applications.

Strong Knowledge on Web Technologies.

Good understanding on Core Java,Swings,JDBC,Servlets,Jsp,Oracle 8i and
also using with various deployment wizards like Tomcat.

Excellent Communication skills and inter-personal skills.

Skill Set

Operating System	:- Windows98/NT/2000/XP

Web/App Server  	:- Tomcat

Database		:- Oracle 8i

Languages		:- JAVA

Sun Technologies	:- Core Java,Swings,JDBC,Servlets,JSP

Work Experience

Work experience in Prism Infotech,Pune  as a Software Developer in Java
from 15th June 2005 to Till Date. 

Work experience in Esteem Solution Technology, Pune as a software
developer in VB from December 2004 to March 2005.

Educational

Bachelors in Computer Science & Engineering, From MGM’S COE,Nanded,in
2004.

Projects Undertaken

Project#1           :- Esparanza.com

Environment         :- Java,Servlets,Jsp,JDBC

Team Size             :- 6

Role                      :- Developer

Duration               :- November 2006 – Till Date

Responsibility: -

Developed the classes which contains the business logic

Developed Servlets and Jsps

Project Profile: -

                     This project was developed in Servlet,JSP on front
end and Oracle 8i is on back end side. The project was totally depends
up on MVC architecture. This project contains the functionality of
online Job in the consultancy. Now this project is comes for the
maintainance. The project contains Job seekers and recruiters login. The
project contains the role of search engine for job seeker as well as job
employee to search the resume for correct candidate.

Project#2           :- Human Resource Management System                 
         

Environment         :-Core Java,Swings,JDBC

Team Size             :- 6

Role                       :- Developer

Duration               :- March 2006 – October 2006

Responsibility: -

As a team member

Module wise requirements

Doing the design, coding and Testing

Project Profile: -

                           This project is developed to overcome the
problems faced by the Export firms regarding maintenance of database,
employee information, financial transactions, payroll systems, training,
recruitment, attendance record systems etc. This project can be widely
used in any Export firm which contain different departments with various
employees having different designations, salary profiles etc. Payroll
System provides the information of the employee’s salary structure and
tax deduction scheme. 

                 The system is developed to facilitate general
administration system to manage the various types of information of the
employees and the process involved in an export firm. So that
organization can access accurate information quickly and easily as and
when required, hence improving its operational efficiency and
effectiveness.

Project#3		:- Shopping Mall

Environment          :-Core Java,Swings,JDBC

DataBase                :-Oracle 8i

Team Size              :- 6

Role                        :- Developer

Duration                 :- July2005 - February 2006 

RESPONSIBILITIES:- 

Design of Inventory form, Supplier Details, Product Details.

Coding by using Swing component.

Connection with Database using JDBC

Project Profile: -

	The Project is totally depends upon Core Java, Swings and JDBC
platform. This project contains the functionality of shopping mall like
employee management, Supplier information, Billing Systems.

Project#3:                -Deccan Education Society                     
                    

Environment               :-VB

Team Size                    :- 6

Role                             :-Trainee Engineer

Duration                     :- July2005 - February 2006 

DESCRIPTION:- 

                      This project was developed in VB and Oracle 8i.The
project contains total information system of Deccan Education Society. I
have work in that company as a VB developer.

Personal Details: -

Date of Birth: - 2nd June 1981 

Sex: - Male

Nationality: - Indian 

Languages Known: - English, Hindi, Marathi 

Permanent Address: - C/O Pandharpurkar V.D.

                                         Chankyapuri, Near Mane complex,

				    Nagar Road, Beed-431122

         Phone No.:- 02442-223730                                       
                               

                                                                        
                                                                        
                  

