Objective

Seeking a challenging position in a result-oriented company, where
expert technical skills, good programming, excellent interpersonal
skills and analytical skills will be fully utilized and further
developed to contribute and collaborate with a team that enhances your
organization's success.

Summary

1 year  of Professional Experience in Client/Server Software Development
in Building Enterprise Applications that includes expertise in the areas
of Requirement Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation,
Configuration Control and Testing

Good Experience in Linux, Java, JSP/Servlet, HTML

Proficient in MySQL and DB2

Integrated Modules of whole Back Office Project 

Good knowledge of Linux

Willing to take up challenging assignments on any emerging Technologies

Strong interpersonal skills, Commitment, Result Oriented, Hard-Working, 
Innovative,  Self Learning ability with a quest and zeal to learn new
technologies and undertake challenging tasks 

Quick learner and excellent Team Player having profound insight to
determine priorities, schedule work and meet critical deadlines within
budgetary guideline

Good Presentation skills

Qualification

Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering from KITS(Kaktiya Institute
of 

       Technology and sciences) College of Engineering, Warangal(A.P) 
in 2006 with 

       Overall First Class (65.03%).

  Intermediate from Noble Junior College, Jagitial(A.P) in 2001 with 
79.6%.

 10th   from Sharada Vidya Nilayam ,Jagitial (A>P) in 1999 with  84.0%.

Professional Experience

Working  as a Java Developer for  Infotech financials Pvt Ltd, Mumbai  

								JUNE 2006 to present

Technical Skills

Operating System	 Linux ,Windows(2000,XP)

Languages	C, Core Java, J2EE

Database	DB2, Mysql

Scripting Languages	 Java Script

Web Technologies	JSP,Servlets, HTML

Hardware/Networking	Basics of   Networking



Project Synopsis

Project #1

Title                        Logistics Control Module(LCM)

Client	     National Security Depository Limited (NSDL), Mumbai 

Environment	       Linux ,  JSP, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT, DB2 

Team Size		    3

Duration		    November  2006- present

Description

LCM is a system based tacking mechanism where the record/document should
be tracked effectively and efficiently .The module is designed with a
view to enable the user to track the status of TAN/PAN documents as to
printing and dispatching.

Responsibilities

Enhancements in the existing system. 

  

Project Synopsis

Project #2

Title                     Status Track and SMS Gateway

Client	 National Security Depository Limited (NSDL), Mumbai 

Environment	 Linux (Red hat), JSP, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT, DB2

Team Size	 2

Duration		 JUNE 2006 â€“NOVEMBER 2006

Description

The 'Status Track and SMS Gateway' application software is designed so
that user can check the status of their PAN/TAN card . Here status means
whether they have allotted PAN/TAN number, if PAN/TAN has allotted then
whether they are in printing or printed status or in delivered status.

User can check   their status through internet or SMS.

     Workshops & Trainings

Attended trainings as per the project  requirements

Personal Statistics

Sex			Male

Linguistic		Read/Write/Speak - English, Hindi ,Telugu

Prepared to relocate

  

Place 	: Mumbai                        	 (Sandeep kumar Anumalla)

                                                Email:
sundip.kits@gmail.com

Sandeep kumar Anumalla          Phone: +91 9833036237

Page   PAGE \*Arabic  2  of   NUMPAGE \*Arabic  3 

