					 CURRICULUM VITAE  

						

									Abhay Kumar Patel

									Email:patel.abhay@rediffmail.com

									Mobile: 9323266078

Addres: Flat No 104-B, Kailash Rahgu Hsg       Soc. Sector 22, Koper
Khairane Navi Mumbai 400709

										

Objective:

To pursue a challenging and satisfying career and to be a part of a
progressive and growth oriented Organization that gives me scope to
enhance my knowledge and skills in field of information technology. My
objective is to give my best to the organization, for which I will work
with hundred percent commitments. This will contribute towards the
development of the company and also takes towards Professional
Excellence.

Experience: Total 2+years

In design, development, Unit testing Using VB.Net and MS SQL 

Current Employment Details:

Organization 			:    Computech Technologies

Designation			:    Software Developer

From				:    20 Jun 2005 –Till date 

Company Profile		:    An established software firm has many regional
clients. I handled some 

                                                   Modules Of windows  
in the organization. To provide software development   

                                                   Services to
industrial, educational, and other areas I used Microsoft 

                                                   Technologies like
VB.NET as front end and SQL Server as back end.

Educational qualification: 

Master in Computer Application (M.C.A) from R .G. P. V.  Bhopal (M.P.)
in 2005 with 68.5%.

Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) from Rani Durgawati University Jabalpur in
April-2001with 53%.

Higher Secondary School (XII) from MP Board in year April-1996 with 52%.

Senior Secondary School Certificate(X) from MP Bhopal in year March-1994
with 69.3%.

Technical Skills:

Languages			:    VB.NET, ASP.NET, VB, C#, C++, C

RDBMS	:    MS SQL Server 7.0, 2000, Oracle9i, MS-Access

Operating System		:    Windows 9.X/NT 4.0/2000/2003,windows xp

Other Technologies Used   	:    Crystal Reports, HTML

Project Details (Current Project):

Project #1		

Project Name		            :    Office Automation System (Jan07-May07)

Platform		            :    VB.Net, MS SQL 

Team Size		            :    3                                 

Description	            :    This project is based on Employee and
Financial Information. To Maintain the        

                                                    Financial entry,
Employees Record, Monthly Time Card, Meeting processing of         

                                                    Office. This
application is useful for generating Crystal reports of employee’s 

                                                    Records with all and
individual, Monthly Time Card reports, Financial Report,                
      

	                  Meeting Processing reports 

Responsibilities 	            :     Involved in full SDLC, Generating
Crystal Reports 

	

									Abhay Kumar Patel

									Email:patel.abhay@rediffmail.com

									Mobile: 9323266078

Addres: Flat No 104-B, Kailash Rahgu Hsg       Soc. Sector 22, Koper
Khairane Navi Mumbai 400709

Previous Project:

Project 	#2		

Project Name	 :     Dr. Dharkar (Sep06-Dec06)

Platform			 :     VB.Net, MS SQL 

Description		 :     This project is based on Patient Information. To
Maintain the Patient’s 

		       Investigation Record and searching patient’s information.
This application is 

		       Useful for generating Crystal reports  

Team Size                                :     2                        
      

Responsibilities	                     :     Coding, Unit Testing 

	

Project 	#3		

Project Name		             :     College Processing (Mar06-Aug06)

Platform		             :     VB.Net, MS SQL 

Description	             :     The Project involves a fully functional
application for automating the college 

                                                      Processing. It
includes Course Module, Student module, Examination 

                                                      Process, Fees
Entry and Data consistency was maintained by making 

                                                      History data
sheets.

Team Size	             :     2                               

Responsibilities 	             :     Coding, Unit Testing 

Project 	#4

Project Name		               :      Tata Finance System (Oct05-Jan06)

Platform                                    :      VB.Net, MS SQL 

Description	              :     This project is used for receiving the
information on spread sheet by net 

		         This comes through net in encrypted form by using this
project,  

                                                       Information is
entered in the sheet & a manipulated final report are issued 

                                                       In a hard copy
which sends to the head office.

Team Size	              :     2                               

Responsibilities 	              :     Coding, Unit Testing 

Project 	#5

Project Name		              :     Annual Turnover Information System
(May05-Sep05)

Platform		              :     VB.Net, MS SQL 

Description	              :     This project is used for getting
information about customer, the site & office 

                                                       Expenses this is
also used to get information about material like bricks, 

                                                       Dust, iron &
concrete etc. This project is used at several different levels.

Team Size		              :     2                               

Responsibilities                          :     Coding, Unit Testing 

Project 	#6		

Project Name                             :    Center Management System
(Jan05-Apr05) 

Platform                                     :    VB.Net, MS SQL

Description	                         :     This project is fully
functional application for automating the admission                     
                      

                                                       Processing, sort
list is made & top ordered Candidates are selected for 

                                                       Getting
admission. To maintain the fee of the courses it is also useful to  

                                                       Maintain
employee’s information.  

Team Size	              :      2                               

Responsibilities 	              :      Coding, Unit Testing, Database
Designing

				

     									Abhay Kumar Patel

									Email:patel.abhay@rediffmail.com

									Mobile: 9323266078

Addres: Flat No 104-B, Kailash Rahgu Hsg       Soc. Sector 22, Koper
Khairane Navi Mumbai 400709

Academic Project:

Project 	#7

Project Name                             :     Admission Process System
(Sep04-Nov04)

Platform			   :     VB.Net, MS SQL 

Description	              :     This project is based on admission
system of ITI, Jabalpur, This 

                                                       Application is
useful for getting information of candidates and generating 

                                                       Sort list.
According to this sort list ordered candidates are selected   for 

                                                       Getting
admission. This is also helpful for generating crystal reports of 

                                                       Students and
maintains history of student’s

Team Size	:     2                               

Responsibilities 	              :     Coding, Unit Testing, Database
Designing

Personal Details:

Date of Birth                              :     May 30, 1978

Permanent Address	              :     Professor Colony Opp. Radio
Station Jabalpur (M.P.) Pin Code: 482002 Ph:

                                                      0761-2641432

Nationality		              :     Indian

Language Known	              :     Hindi, English	

Marital Status		              :     Unmarried

											

Abhay Kumar Patel

