 

 

 

 



Sachendra Gupta

NavBharat jan Sagayog (HOC), B-Wing, G-4, Goregaon East

Mumbai 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:sachendra_gupta@yahoo.com" \o
"mailto:sachendra_gupta@yahoo.com"  sachendra_gupta@yahoo.com 

Phone: 91-022-40037598

Mobile: 09870316581

Current Location: Mumbai

 

 



Date of Birth  31 Oct 1979

Gender  Male

Nationality  India 

 

 



Work experience

3 years 3 months

Skills

VB.net,Asp.net, VB6.0,sql server2000,crystal Report9

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Employer

Hazel infotech Ltd

Current Annual Salary

1.80 lacs per annum

Previous Employer

Tata Infotech Center India

Highest Degree Held

M.Sc Other APS University rewa

2nd Highest Degree Held

B.Sc Mathematics 

Preferred Job Location

Bangalore,Hyderabad,Mumbai,Pune

 

 



Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

VB.NET

Apr 2007

Intermediate

24 months

Visual Basic

Oct 2006

Intermediate

18 months

SQL Server

Apr 2007

Intermediate

24 months

ASP.NET

Apr 2007

Beginner

6 months

 

 



IT/ Computers - Software

 

 



Sachendra Gupta 			      

*E-mail: sachendra_gupta@yahoo.com	    *Address: NavBharat jan Sagayog
(HOC), B-Wing, G-4

	   sachendra_gupta@hotmail.com		    Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063

	  

*Contact No:   9870316581,9819561911

								   

Experience Summary

3+ years of Software Programming Experience, major skills being Vb.Net,
ASP.Net, VB6.0, SqlServer2000, Oracle

8i

Educational Qualifications

 2003 with 70%. 

 	B.Sc. (Math) from A.P.S University Rewa (M.P) -2000 with 60%

 	Intermediate  MP Board Bhopal(M.P)-1997 with 72%

    

Employment History

Company Designation	Period

Hazel Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai, INDIA	Software Programmer	Apr-2005 to
Till Date

Tata Infotech Center Bhopal, INDIA	Software Programmer	Feb-2004 to
Apr-2005

Current Location

(	Currently working as a Software Programmer for	 Hazel InfoTech,
Goregaon (E), Mumbai 

      Work on a project Support Management System.

Technical Experience

Web Technologies	ASP, VBScript, HTML

RDBMS	SQL Server2000, MS-Access, Oracle8i

Operating Systems	MS-Windows 9x/2000/NT, MS-DOS

Languages	VB.Net, Asp.Net,VB6.0, Java, C++

Others	Crystal Reports 9, Flash4

Project Details

1. Project	

SUPPORT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 

Environment:	VB.Net2003, Sql Server 2000, Crystal Reports 9

Team Size:	3

Client	Hazel InfoTech Pvt. Ltd. 

 Till date 

Responsibilities:    

(	Requirement Analysis

(	Preparation of Functional Specification.

(	Programming & Form Design the application.

Description:

     Support Management System helps the Administer to Provide services
to our client It have 5 modules

Authorizer, Developer, Tester, Telemarketing & Support, and Marketing.
Telemarketing person take client

requirement calls, authorizer categorized calls & assign to the
developer. Developer solves the problems.

2. Project	CONTAINER STUFFING  

Environment:	VB.Net2005, Sql Server 2000

Team Size:	2

Client	Hazel InfoTech Pvt. Ltd. 

 Jan-2006

Responsibilities:    

(	Requirement Analysis

(	Preparation of Functional Specification.

(	Programming the application.

Description:

	Sky STUFF PLUS software is used to optimize the container space.
Software guides of stuff goods in a

 container. Once the carton dimension are properly entered in the Master
then software provides

varieties of methods in which one can stuff the cartons in a container
long with optimal method, which will

be most beneficial in terms of space utilization. SKY STUFF PLUS works
only for the square and rectangle

share containers.

3. Project	EXPORT DOCUMENTATION SOFTWARE  (ED)

Environment:	VB6, Sql Server 2000, Crystal Reports 9

Team Size:	10

Client	Hazel InfoTech Pvt. Ltd. 

 Nov 2005 

Responsibilities:    

(	Requirement Analysis

(	Preparation of Functional Specification.

(	Programming the application.

Description:

     Sky export plus effectively manages your business right from the
stage to payment realization stage.

Export Documentation Maintain all the documents, which helps to
Exporters easy to make documentation. It two

modules one is pre shipment second is post shipment. In pre shipment
like Performa order, packing details,

custom invoice, Purchase Order and in post shipment like bank invoice,
Bank certificate, commercial invoice,

bill of exchange. Export Documentation is generating various reports
like Purchase Register, stock Register,

Inventory stock and daily, Monthly, Quartile stock reports

4. Project	INDENTING (ED) 

Environment:	VB6, Access, Crystal Reports 7.0

Team Size:	10

Client	Hazel InfoTech Pvt. Ltd. 

 Jun 2005 

Responsibilities:    

(	Requirement Analysis

(	Preparation of Functional Specification.

(	Programming the application.

Description:

     Indenting Project consists of different modules of transaction to
carry out the export business with in

country. Transaction like received from client side than we forward
their inquiry i.e. Inquiry send exporter

s know as Quotation receive, and at the end Exporter send the quotation

i.e. Quotation Send. In short Project Consist of module if Inquiry send,
Quotation Receive, Quotation Send.

Apart from it we can also generated different types of Reports.

5. Project	SCHOOL AUTOMATION

Environment:	VB6, Sql Server 2000, Crystal Reports 7.0 HTML

Team Size:	2

Client	Tata InfoTech Center

 Apr-2005

Description:

      This project includes different modules Front Desk, Students
Enrollment/Admission, Fee Management, Fee

Collection, Result Process, and Detail of all students/Employees,
Expenses as wall as generating reports. 

6. Project	HOTEL

Environment:	VB6, Sql Server 2000, Crystal Reports 7.0 HTML

Team Size:	2

Client	Tata InfoTech Center

Period	Feb-2004 to may-2004

Responsibilities:    

(	Designing and developing the front end GUI

(	Coding of various module.

(	Designing database-using Sql-Server.

(	Generating reports using Crystal reports.

(	Testing and code review.

Description:

      Hotel project   includes different modules business analysis,
material management works scheduling and

accounts. To maintain Table System Hotel works Detail of all Items,
employees, customers Bill and handle

finance and Expenses of material. As well as generating reports.

Personal Details

Address NavBharat jan Sagayog (HOC), B-Wing, G-4, Goregaon East

Contact Information	Mobile : 9870317581		     Email    :
sachendra_gupta@yahoo.com

							       sachendra_gupta@hotmail.com

Father Name	Shri Bhagawat Prasad Gupta

Date of Birth	31 st Oct 1979

Marital Status	Unmarried

Nationality	Indian

Strengths	Friendly, Fast Learner, Good Leader and a good performer.

Languages	English, Hindi

The information furnished above is true to best of my knowledge.

Thanking You.

Date:								     Yours Sincerely

		

							      Sachendra Gupta





