 

	Contact Information

 

 

Confidential

Confidential

Email: Confidential

Phone: Confidential

Mobile: Confidential

Current Location: Mumbai

 

	Personal Information 

 

Date of Birth:  13 May 1975

Gender:  Male

Nationality:  India

 

	Professional & Educational Details 

 

Work Experience

5 years 

Skills

VB.Net, ASP.Net, VB, ASP, SQL Server, XML, Style Sheet 

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Employer

Confidential 

Current Annual Salary

3.50 lacs per annum

Work Authorization

Authorized to work in India

Highest Degree Held

B.Sc, Physics, Marathwada University Aurangabad

2nd Highest Degree Held

Other, Other, Bostan's Computer Institution Pune

Preferred Job Location

Pune

 

	 Domain Knowledge

 

 

	IT/ Computers - Software

 



	 Detailed Resume

	

Sandip R. Kulkarni 

2/2, Vastu Anand, 

Parsik Nagar, Kalwa, 

Thane (W). 

Telephone (M): 9820228193 

E-mail:   HYPERLINK "mailto:sankul01@yahoo.com"  sankul01@yahoo.com  

Date of Birth: May 13, 1975 

B.Sc. + E-Biz with 4.10 years exp. in VB.NET, ASP.NET, VB, ASP, XML, SQL
Server, Crystal Report, Cascading Style Sheet. 

Key Skills: 

VB.NET, ASP.NET, VB, ASP, XML, SQL-Server, Crystal Report, Cascading
Style Sheet 

Objective: 

I want to build career in the Software Development, which will utilize
my skills. 

Educational Qualifications: 

Exam 

College/School 

University/Board 

Year of passing 

% Attained 

S.S.C. 

Z. P. H. S. Sillod. 

Dist-Aurangabad 

Board Pune. Div. Board Aurangabad 

1990 

77.71 

H.S.C. 

S. B. College Aurangabad 

Board Pune. Div. Board Aurangabad 

1992 

56.50 

B.Sc. 

S. B. College Aurangabad 

Dr. B.A.M. University Aurangabad 

1997 

54.44 

Professional Qualifications: 

Course 

Institution 

Duration 

Class 

Diploma in Computer Software & Application (DCSA) 

Computer Technology Centre. Yeshwantrao Chavan College, Sillod 

Aug 1998 To Jul 1999 

A+ 

Ebiz.Com 

Boston's Computer Institute, Pune. (Kothrud branch) 

Nov 2000 To May 2001 

Passed 

VB.Net Programming 

SEED InfoTech, Karve Road, Pune 

Jul 2004 To Sep 2004 

A+ 

Passport Details: 

Passport No. 

: F 1546367 

Date of Issue 

: 28/12/2004 

Date of Expiry 

: 27/12/2014 

Place of Issue 

: MUMBAI 

Software Proficiency: 

Languages Known 

: VB.NET, Visual Basic 6.0, Java, Adv. Java 

Web Technology 

: ASP.NET, ASP, XML, EJB, JSP 

RDBMS 

: Oracle 8i, SQL Server 7.0/2000, MS-Access 2000 

Scripting Languages 

: VBScript, JavaScript 

Wireless Application 

: WAP/WML 

Front Ended Tools/GUI 

: HTML, DHTML, Visual InterDev 6.0, FrontPage 2002 

Operating System 

: Windows 95/98/2000/NT, Dos 

Version Control Tools 

: VSS, Clear Case 

Applications 

: MS-Office 2000 

Work Experience: 

Name of Company 

: CoinStar 

Post 

: Software Engineer 

Period 

: 01-Feb-2007 to Till Now 

Experience 

: 

Name of Company 

: Travelex India Pvt. Ltd. 

Post 

: Software Engineer 

Period 

: 28-Sep-2004 to 31-Jan-2007 

Experience 

: 2 Year 4 Months 

Name of Company 

: Divya InfoTech 

Post 

: Programmer 

Period 

: 20-Dec-2001 to 30-Jun-2004 

Experience 

: 2 Year 6 Months 

Project Details: 

5) CMT: 

Title 

: CMT (CoinStar Money Transfer) 

Tools Used 

: VB.NET, ASP.NET, XML, sqlXpress, Red Gate SQL, Beyond Compare, Defect
Tracker. 

Database 

: SQL Server 2000 

Summary 

: This project is about money transfers. It includes website and back
office system which are in ASP.NET and VB.NET respectively. Company
agents use website for money transfer from various countries. They
provide information about sender as well as receiver and other details
to website. At other end agent receives information through website and
inform to customer about his money. This money transfer has three
products i) Money Transfer ii) Account Transfer iii) Courier Delivery. 

Money Transfer: - Receiver has to collect money from agent manually. 

Account Transfer: - Money gets transferred to receiver's bank account. 

Courier Delivery: - Money gets delivered to receiver's postal address. 

It is a maintenance kind of project. 

Role 

: My role is of a programmer. I have done form designing; creating
database objects like stored procedures, views, triggers, functions for
assigned modules according project document, making reports and handled
coding part. 

Creating scripts for deployment, Creating deployment kit, Deployment on
UK server for system testing, Defect fixing, File Merging, Database
Comparison etc. 

4) TMT: 

Title 

: TMT (Travelex Money Transfer) 

Module 

: Country Info, Dual Auth, GOPI, Russian website, Password Expiry,
Package 33 (Happy Package), Package 36-39-40-41, Package Multilingual 35
& 50, Package 51& 52, Package 54 AML Phase I, Package 54 AML Phase II. 

Tools Used 

: VB.NET, ASP.NET, Visual Basic 6, ASP, XML, sqlXpress, Red Gate SQL,
Beyond Compare, Defect Tracker. 

Database 

: SQL Server 7.0 / 2000 

Summary 

: This project is about money transfers. It includes website and back
office system which are in ASP.NET and VB.NET respectively. Company
agents use website for money transfer from various countries. They
provide information about sender as well as receiver and other details
to website. At other end agent receives information through website and
inform to customer about his money. This money transfer has three
products i) Money Transfer ii) Account Transfer iii) Courier Delivery. 

Money Transfer: - Receiver has to collect money from agent manually. 

Account Transfer: - Money gets transferred to receiver's bank account. 

Courier Delivery: - Money gets delivered to receiver's postal address. 

It is a maintenance kind of project. 

Role 

: My role is of a programmer. I have done form designing; creating
database objects like stored procedures, views, triggers, functions for
assigned modules according project document, making reports and handled
coding part. 

Creating scripts for deployment, Creating deployment kit, Deployment on
UK server for system testing, Defect fixing, File Merging, Database
Comparison etc. 

3) Engg SAM 1.0.1 & 1.0.2: 

Title 

: Engg SAM (Engineering - Schedule and Advisory Master) 

Module 

: i) SR (Schedule of Rates): 

SR notes, Area wise extra % of rates, Area wise GIS, Lift wise extra %
of rates, Excavation lift charges, Survey work, Supply of material,
Wages of labour, Machinery, Transportation, Pay load factor, Loading,
unloading & stacking, POL component, Life of equipment, Output of
machine, Fuel consumption, Asphalt consumption, Cement consumption,
Cement Vs lime, Item details 

ii) EQ (Estimating and Quantities): 

Material, Transportation, Labour, Machinery, Other factor 

iii) RA (Rate analysis): 

Material, Transportation, Labour, Machinery, Other factor 

iv) RevSR (Revise Schedule of Rates): 

Market rates, Material, Labour, Machinery, Transportation, Tender
analysis, Price indices 

v) Tender: 

Basic info, Documents, Selling, Submission, Opening, Comparison, Letter
of intent, Work order, Contract extension 

vi) Security: 

Login, Log viewer, Security (User wise module access) 

vii) Search: 

Created search engine for each module. It is searching data on various
conditions 

Tools Used 

: Visual Basic 6, Crystal Report 7 

Database 

: MS Access 2000 & SQL Server 7.0 

Summary 

: This project is related to civil engineering. It keeps information
about construction. It does work of keeping information of government SR
(Schedule of Rates). It also does work of estimation, tendering process,
estimating & quantities; revise SR per year by using old SR, work
scheduling, users, roles, security, logging and search. 

SR module is keeping information of rates of material, labour,
transporation, survey, machinery, lift wise extra % of rates. 

Estimating and quantities module is keeping information of quantities of
material, labour,… etc for each item in construction. 

Project is using above information for rate analysis of each item in
construction per unit. 

Importing SR from excel sheet into database. 

Role 

: My role is of a programmer and later co-project leader. I have done
requirement analysis, project document designing, GUI designing,
database designing, coding and making reports. I have also done unit
testing, creating deployment package and scripts for deployment. 



	

