DOT NET DEVELOPER

(1.5 Years Working Experience in Software Field.)

_____________________________________________________________

Pratiksha Muchhala		           E-mail:       HYPERLINK
"mailto:pratiksham10@rediffmail.com"  pratiksham10@rediffmail.com       
   

                                                                        
    HYPERLINK
"mailto:Pratiksha_muchhala@systime.co.in?subject=Regarding%20the%20job%2
0application"  Pratiksha_muchhala@systime.co.in  

                                                            Mobile:   
+91 9819095446

                                   

Career Objective: I would like to keep improving my software skills in
such a way that can serve the objective of your prestigious organization
in the best way possible.

Academic                               Board                            
 Year of Passing          % Marks Obtained

S.S.C. (10th)                           Maharashtra                     
             1996                           68.80%  

Diploma(Electronics)              SNDT                                  
           2000                           81.70%  

B.E. Computers                    Mumbai University                     
     2003                           60%  

                           

SOFTWARE  SKILLS

DOT NET: ASP DOT NET, VB DOT NET

SQL : Table Foundation with constraints, Functions and Queries, Joins,
Indexes. 

Other technologies:  C, C++, VC++.

Oracle 9i

Platforms Worked On:   1. Microsoft Windows 9x/XP/2000 Professional/NT

Professional Profile

 

Employer	: SYSTIME Ltd

Title	: Software Engineer

Date of Employment	: SEP 2004 -Till Date

 

Project Information

Project	VersaPOS Enterprise 

Type	Product Development – Retail Product - GUI

Role	Programmer

Platform	DOT NET, MS SQL Server 2000 Windows

Technology/Software	ASP DOT NET

Duration	SEP 2004 to till date 

Product Description	

VersaPOS is a complete retail management solution developed for a
variety of retail industry applications. The versatility of VersaPOS
begins at the point of sale.

Features of the Product:-

From the POS screen you can assign and track your customers spending
patterns.

Search through all items in your inventory, display multimedia
presentations of store product.

Scan multiple bar codes into one item, implement a frequent shopper
program, and facilitate suggestive selling.

With its built-in Power Search function you can quickly find inventory
items at the point of sales by using multiple search criteria. This
feature eliminates the delays customers frequently encounter when the
sales associate cannot find the item number within their system.

From the Back Office you can control Inventory, organize and manage your
Customer database, process Purchase Orders.

Responsibilities:

As a Analyzer:

Analyze the technical requirements.

Planning the layout for designing and flow of the application.

As a developer:

Preparing the technical specs. for the each module.

Prepare the Design document and unit test case document for each module.

Developing the designing in front-end using ASP.Net.

Coding through codebehind using VB.Net by maintaining the standards of
the code.

Drafting brief explanation regarding the purpose each functionality
serves.

Consigning data in database using SQL Server 2000.

Maintaining the constraints in the database.

Maintaining separate versions for the application.

Making Build for the entire application.

Preparing Exe that need to be attached to run the application on client
side.

As a Tester:

Preparing document for standard test cases and testing against the
prepared test cases.

Preparing document for unit testing.

Testing individual modules of the software against the Unit test cases.

Doing Integration testing of the software against integration test
cases.

Classification and reporting the bugs to the Project Lead

Repeating the Individual modules and Integration testing cycles after
bug fixes

As a Configuration Manager:

Maintain the updated version of all the software, which is used for the
project.

Update all the project related documents in VSS, the project-tracking
tool.

Take weekly backup for all the documents.

Maintain the tractability of the project workflow using Trace DB tool.

Other Responsibilities:

Give Knowledge Transition to new Team members coming in the project.

Planning training for knowledge transfer to new joins.

Giving demo regarding the respective product application.

Project 	Build of Product Application

Type	Integration of the application

Role	Release Manager.

Platform	Client/Server, MS SQL Server 2000 Windows 

Technology/Software	VC++

Duration	Sep 2004 To Feb 2005

Product Description	

      InstallShield Professional 7 is the industry standard script-based
setup authoring solutions,

using which set up i.e exe can be build for any product.

Features: -

Through Coding one can fix thee flow of execution.

Setup includes all .dll, Script files for product and database
respectively.

InstallShield Professional 7 can be programmatically molded as per
customer requirement.

It facilitates registry entries for a product.

Also includes In-built Screens which can be used as dialog box to
communicate with user.

Responsibilities:

As a Analyzer:

Analyze the technical requirements.

Planning out the scripts for the product.

Analyzing the designing for each product.

Analyzing the user screens for each product.

As a developer:

Preparing the technical specs. for the each application.

Prepare the Design document.

Coding using VC++ by maintaining the standards of the code.

Drafting brief explanation regarding the purpose each functionality
serves.

Preparing Scripts required for each application

Consigning data in database using SQL Server 2000.

Maintaining the constraints in the database.

Making build for each application.

Maintaining the separate GUID for each application.

Maintaining updated versions for each application.

Preparing files that need to be attached to run the application on
client side.

Preparing Exe for the application using InstallSheild professional 7.

As a Tester:

Preparing document for standard test cases and testing against the
prepared test cases.

Preparing document for unit testing.

Doing Integration testing of the software against integration test
cases.

Testing the entire application against the build.

Testing the database for the entire application.

Classification and reporting the bugs to the Project Lead

Repeating the Individual modules and Integration testing cycles after
bug fixes

As a Configuration Manager:

Maintain the updated version of all the software, which is used for the
project.

Update all the project related documents in VSS, the project-tracking
tool.

Maintain the tractability of the project workflow using Trace DB tool.

Other Responsibilities:

Give Knowledge Transition to new Team members coming in the project.

Planning training for knowledge transfer to new join’s.

Giving demo regarding the applications.

Personal Profile

    Name                      :    Pratiksha Muchhala          

    Gender                   :    Female

    Date of Birth           :    10/06/1981.

    Present Address      :   C/311 Rajeshri Apts, Mahavir nagar,
Kandivali-west. Mumbai 400067

Declaration:   I hereby declare that the above produced details are true
to reflect my 

                      knowledge and activities.

Location:     Mumbai.

Date:                                                                   
       Signature:  Pratiksha Muchhala          

PRATIKSHA MUCHHALA	

	

