Sachin Belekar.

Phone No: 9423388609				 		  HYPERLINK
"mailto:sachin.belekar@gmail.com" sachin.belekar@gmail.com 

                                                                        
                                        belekar_sachin@yahoo.com

 

Objective

To become a part of result oriented and highly successful team involved
in implementing innovative and new ideas in tune with quality standards
and present day technologies.



Professional Qualification	Year

First class M.C.S. (Comp. Science.) From Pune University 	2004



Career Profile

Currently working with Relationware, Pune having around 3.6 years of
experience in enterprise development with proficiency in C#.Net, SQL
Server 2000, Oracle.



Work Experience Details	Designation	Duration

Relationware, Pune	Senior Software Engineer.	Oct2004 – till Date

Microhard Unlimited Pune	Software Trainee.	Jan2004 - Oct2004



Technical Skills

Languages/Tools worked on	C#.Net, ADO.Net, PL/SQL, Visual Basic 6.0.

RDBMS	SQL Server 2000,Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2005

Web Server 	IIS

Web Technology	HTML, XML, ASP.Net

Methodology	UML

OS	Windows 98/2000.



Project Details 

Employer: RelationWare

Project #1

Title			:	scanPRO.

Duration		: 	12 Months.

Environment	:	C#.Net, SQL Server 2005, Crystal Reports 8.5

	Description:  

	scanPRO is a software application that allows you to scan
identification proofs, such as passports, identification (ID) cards, and
driving licenses. It has a built-in logic with which you can identify
invalid information that is encrypted in the documents. Reports
generated based on the scanned information help you check the documents
for their authenticity. You can export scanned information through file
transfers (FTP) or emails. By using scanPRO, you can scan ID cards of
citizens of the different countries and passports of all citizens.

	Role:

Involved in requirement gathering and analysis.

Involved in database design. Report design and Coding of the project.

Project #2

Title			:	Asset Value Management(Survey Application) .

Duration		: 	6 Months.

Environment	:	C#.Net, ASP.Net, SQL Server 2000

	Description:  

	The Survey application comprises the creation of Surveys by a
requestor, Release of Surveys to a select group of realtors on AVM’s
website and fulfillment of the same by the recipients. A survey is
composed of question bank and recipient list of realtors chosen by the
requestor based on available criteria.

	The application will allow the requestors to maintain multiple named
question banks and recipient lists and associate those into a survey
enabling re-use.

	The application will also allow the requestors to build questions with
allowable answers and specify how the answers be rendered to the
recipient. Options could be rendered as radio buttons or a dropdown
list; choices will be rendered as check boxes.

	Role:

Involved in requirement gathering and analysis.

Involved in database design. Report design and Coding of the project.

Project #3

Title			:	Soham Engineering Foundation.

Duration		: 	8 Months.

Environment	:	C#.Net, SQL Server 2000, Crystal Reports 8.5

	Description:  

	A reputed construction company involved in various infrastructure
development projects at various sites. The site engineer needs to
calculate the various parameters like Foundation Bearing Pressure,
Internal Stability, and Determination of Length from External Stability
etc. for the construction site before starting actual construction. This
is useful to prepare the exact estimation for construction site. The
project involves these complex calculations and maintains the various
data in the database. Engineer can generate various reports as per the
requirement.

	Role:

Involved in requirement gathering and analysis.

Involved in database design. Report design and Coding of the project.

Handled all the issues individually.

Project #4

Title		:	Ware House management System for CFS. 

Duration		: 	14 Months.

Environment	:	C#.Net, Crystal Report 8.5, SQL-Server 2000

	Description:  Container Freight Station (CFS) contains the stock of
cargo of various shipping companies. This stock is undergone for custom
examination, carting, stuffing operations , De stuffing operations and
movement of containers to the appropriate destination. This project is
being developed to maintain inventory of the cargo, this includes
billing account, inward/out word of the cargo, report generation etc.
The project contains three major activities for CFS 1) Export 2) Import
and 3) Bonded.

The software maintains all activities like In gate, Container in,
Carting, Stuffing,De stuffing , Back to town, Shifting of container,
Issue order , Movement of container, automatic billing etc.

Software records all the activities in the database and generates
various reports as and when required.

Role:

Involved in requirement gathering and analysis and design.

Involved in database design. Report design and Coding of the project.

Involved in code review and testing.

Involved in the deployment of the system at client location.

Employer: Microhard Unlimited, Pune

Project #5

Title: - CFC (Citizen facility Center) 

Duration :- 8 Month

Team Size :	6.

Environment:- VB, SQL Server 2000, Crystal Report 7  

Description: 

A government office issues different certificates on demand of citizens.
  In traditional process these certificates are prepared manually thus
it takes long time for issuing any certificate. To reduce time and to
make process easy the automation of issuing various government
certificates was  done. This system is installed in other districts as
well as taluka places apart from Pune Collector office.

Role: 	

Involved in Coding and design for master data entry form.

Involved in testing of various modules.

Personal Profile:

Date of Birth			: 18th Mar 1981

Sex				: Male.	 

Marital Status		: Single.	

	

.

F

ࠀF

S

T

g

h

i

j

µ

Ä

Î

ý

ý

ﴆ

ﴆ

	

*

=

J

N

R

f

u

w

€

Ž

™

 

¡

¬

µ

	

愀̤Ѐ	

*

=

>

ÿs

ä

Ѐ>

J

N

O

R

c

Ԁc

d

e

f

w

Ž

™

¬

Ä

ÿ

hï

hï

h

jq

 sachin.belekar@gmail.com  HYPERLINK "mailto:belekar_sachin@yahoo.com"  
, belekar_sachin@yahoo.com

Hobby				: Reading.

Address			: 62AD, E-Wing, Gurudatt Sahawas,

   Shaniwar Peth, Pune.	

  	

Sachin Belekar.

