Jagdish Arya

OBJECTIVE

Seeking a challenging position in software design and development where
I can add value using my technical skills and knowledge in various
industrial verticals. 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Results driven professional with 8+ years of experience developing and
implementing software solutions for clients while meeting both
performance and service goals.

Leading team of 12+ programmers and handling multiple projects at a
time.

Success in delivery and management of multiple projects on time and
budget, managing resources, time constraint.

Proficient in Object Oriented Analysis, Design and Development of
software solutions for Web based applications, client/server and N-Tier
architecture.

Certified in Visual Basic, Java, ASP from Brain-Bench

Around 6 years IT experiences in design, development and support of
complex business applications using software engineering concepts and
methodology.

Worked on E-Commerce Websites which supports Paypal and Authorized.net
as Payment Gateway.

Worked on ERP Implementation in GSFC using Oracle 8i and Power Builder
in as a DBA / Project Leader.

Worked on ERP Implementation of ITRANSFO an Iran based company in Oracle
9i and Power Builder

Experience on the Client/Server application Development Using Oracle 7.x
/ 8/ 8i , Power Builder, Java Swings, Visual Basic 6, Experience on
Oracle 8/8i, Database Designing and Administration activities

Experience on Oracle 8/8i  Backend Programming

Experience of Working On different  stages of Web Developments

Experience of Working on Voice Recognition Technology

Awareness of Software Development Life Cycle

Ready to learn and adopt new tools and technologies 

Successful track record with start-up as well as large and medium
company environment.

Quick learner and ability to come up with innovative solution as well as
use past experience to deliver solutions in a timely and cost effective
manner.

Skill Set

Platforms	:      	MS Windows 2000/NT/95/98/ME

Web Technologies	:	ASP.net, ASP, JSP, Servlets, PHP 

Application Servers 	:	Jaguar CTS 3.5, MTS

Distributed Technologies	:	COM/DCOM

Databases(DBMS/RDBMS)	:	Oracle 8/8I, MS SQL, MS Access, Sybase, MySQL

Web Scripting	: 	HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, XML, VXML

Development Tools	:      	VB, .Net, Power Builder, Java





             

Application Development

Thorough understanding of SDLC.

Wide experience in System study and system designing.

Developing the prototype of application.

Well versed with developing ancestor or server programming

Thorough Experience in developing three tier architecture based

Application in Visual Basic and Power Builder.

Experience in developing & deploying the Server Component.

Experience in Creating the Client Application.

Experience in Installing & implementation of Application.

Documentation of software development

Experience in different stages of software Maintenance

Version Controls of applications

Experience in working on Voice Technology (SAPI from Microsoft and
Speechwoks)

EDUCATION

B.Sc.

Gujarat University

Projects & Experience

Absolute Software System			       September 2004 – Present

Project Leader 

Responsibilities : Leading a team of professionals in developing
software solutions for various USA based clients.  Gathering
requirements from USA Team, providing analysis, architecting and
designing solutions based on various Microsoft technologies and
interacting with various stakeholders to successfully deploy various web
based applications. Designing and Development of common library used by
various projects. 

Base Info Management				       April 2004 – September 2004

Sr Programmer / Analyst

Responsibilities : Lead Programmer of the team, which used to manage an
ERP product and does the changes according to clients requirement. 

Ideal System Pvt. Ltd.				       March 2001 – March 2004

Project Leader / Oracle DBA

Responsibilities : Module Leader of the team, which used to manage an
ERP product. Used to interact with end-user onsite of GSFC. Responsible
for design and development of Purchase and Inventory Control and Asset
Management.

Nem.con Genesis Pvt. Ltd.			       December 2000 – February 2001

Project Leader 

Royal Infosys Pvt. Ltd.				       March 1999 – December 2000

Sr. Programmer

NIIT.				       			 January 1997 – March 1999

Technical Executive

Project : West2India.com Ecommerce site with Forums and Friend
Networking like Orkut and Hi5.

Client   : West2India Inc.

URL      :   HYPERLINK "http://www.west2india.com" 
http://www.west2india.com    

Duration : 3 Months

Technologies used:

ASP.net, DHTML, Verisign Payment Gateway, ASPDOTNETSTOREFRONT shopping
Cart

Microsoft SQL Server

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : E-Commerce Site for Photo Developing 

Client   : Pephoto Inc.

URL      :   HYPERLINK "http://www.pephoto.net"  http://www.pephoto.net 
 

Duration : 2 Months

Technologies used:

ASP.net, DHTML, Verisign Payment Gateway

Microsoft SQL Server

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Application for Resident Management 

Client   : Generalized Application

URL      : N/A

Duration : 2 Months

Technologies used:

VB.net

Microsoft Access

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Ecommerce Website for Engines Depot 

Client   : Engines Depot Inc, USA

URL      :   HYPERLINK "http://www.enginesdepot.com" 
http://www.enginesdepot.com  

Duration : 2 Months

Technologies used:

ASP/HTML/DHTML

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : E-Commerce Website for KidsPersonailzed Inc. USA 

Client   : KidsPersonalized Inc, USA

URL      :   HYPERLINK "http://www.kidspersonalized.com" 
http://www.kidspersonalized.com  

Duration : 4 Months

Project Description:

	This is a Complete E-Commerce Web site. The users can register here and
can shop the Music CDs, Sports CDs, Story books and they can also
customize them. The Payment Gateway includes PayPal and direct Credit
Card Payment.

Technologies used:

ASP/HTML/DHTML

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

PayPal and Authorized.net as Payment Gateway

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Jewelry Website for La4ve Ltd

Client   : La4ve Ltd, NY, USA

URL      :   HYPERLINK "http://www.la4ve.com"  http://www.la4ve.com  

Duration : 6 Months

Project Description:

	The client is one of the biggest Jewelry merchants in New York , USA.
This is not an E-Commerce Site. The users can register here and can shop
for jewelry here. They place order here. Admin and Employee module
handle the invoicing part. The customer can view his orders and its
status.

Technologies used:

ASP/HTML/DHTML

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Online Voting Site for WorldBallot Inc.

Client   : WorldBallot Inc, NY, USA

URL      :   HYPERLINK "http://www.worldballot.com" 
http://www.worldballot.com  (Closed)

Duration : 4 Months

Project Description:

	This is the site for Online voting. Users can register here and can
vote in the current polling, which is posted there by Admin. To vote the
user has to pay 99 cents. The payment gateway is PayPal

Technologies used:

ASP/HTML/DHTML

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

PayPal as Payment Gateway

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Process Management System 

Client   : Metamic Inc. USA

Duration : 4 Months

Project Description:

	This system is a Customized Process Management System developed for
Metamic Inc. USA which works for USA govt. It has specific 7 stages
process which is captured with this system.

Technologies used:

VB.Net

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Customized ERP System 

Client   : Gujarat State  Fertilizer & Chemicals Ltd.( GSFC ) , Baroda

Duration : Working on Implementations

Project Description:

	This ERP System is Customized for GSFC to full fill its requirement of
Centralizing and on line to their different branch and different
Department & Division. As in Technical Aspects it uses Power Builder as
a front-end, Jaguar Server as a middle tier and Oracle 8I as backend.
Currently this project is in implementation stage. 

Technologies used:

Power Builder 7.0

Jaguar Server CTS 3.5

Oracle 8I 8.1.6

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Office Automation Software (WorkEasy)

Client   : Developed as a Product 

Duration : 6 Man Months

Project Description:

	This software was developed to enable the concept of Paperless office.
It Scans the incoming document and route it through pre-defined workflow
of an office. The user can give rights to a document and only those
persons who has the right to view can view that document. It also uses
Thumb Impression (Finger Prints) to logon to the System, so the user
need not to remember his password.

Technologies used:

Visual Basic 6.0

Visual C++

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : E-Commerce Website for VE21 Telephone (UK)

Client   : VE21Tel 

Duration : 1 Man Months

Project Description:

	This site is an e-commerce portal for telecom users in UK. It enables
the customer to purchase telecom cards online.

Technologies used:

Visual Basic 6.0 ( Used to develop some Core DLLs )

ASP, JavaScript, HTML, XML

Microsoft SQL Server 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Application Software for Pharmaceutical Company

Client   : La Pharma, Ahmedabad 

Duration : 8 Man Months

Project Description:

	This is a complete ERP for a Pharmaceutical Company. It Consists of
Inventory, Excise, Production and Sales Section. It covers all the
excise documents which are require for a pharmaceutical company.

Technologies used:

Visual Basic 6.0

Oracle 8

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Application Software for Book Publisher

Client   : Shanti Sarvar Prakashan, Ahmedabad

Duration : 3 Man Months

Project Description:

	This is a software which maintains inventory and sales details for a
book publisher. It covers Inventory, Sales and Accounting details of the
company.

Technologies used:

Visual Basic 6.0

MS Access 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Financial Accounting and Inventory System

Client   : Roopalee Dyeing and Printing Works, Ahmedabad

Duration : 3 Man Months

Project Description:

	This software was designed for Dyeing and Printing Company, which
maintains its inventory, Jobwork details, Sales details and Accounting
details.

Technologies used:

Visual Basic 6.0

MS Access 2000

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementation

Project  : Banking System with Accounting

Client   : Sarvodaya Co – Opearative Credit Society, Mehamdabad

Duration : 6 Man Months

Project Description:

	This software was designed for small credit society but it covers all
the banking transactions which are essential for a bank to function
properly. It also covers Accounting System to maintain Credit
Society’s accounting needs.

Technologies used:

Visual Basic 6.0

Microsoft Transaction Server

MS SQL Server 7.0

My Role:

Designing, Developing, Implementation, Testing

Personal Details

Date of Birth    :  18/06/1975

Marital Status   :  Married

 	

Paramatrix Technologies Pvt Ltd.

