Objective

               To utilize my knowledge and skill in full strength and
produce the quality results from the efforts. To understand technology
and what it can do for business and to reap the rewards of hard work.

Experience(2.1 Year)

	MCA first class with 2.1 Year of professional experience in software
development of Web-based projects. Having Core strength in Core Java,
JSP 2.0, Servlet 2.3, JDBC, Tomcat 5.1, Jboss 4.0, Struts 1.2,Adobe Flex
2.0 and Hibernate 3.0.

Employment History

             Feb. 2007 to Till Date

             Company: Talent Beat,  Pune.(www.talentbeat.com)

             Currently Working as System Analyst.              

             Jun.  2005 to Jan. 2007

             Company: Bharti TechLab Pvt. Ltd., Pune.

             Worked as Software Engineer.

Skill Set:

Core Strength	Core Java, JSP, Servlet, Struts1.2,Adobe Flex
2.0,Hibernate 3.0.

RDBMS	Oracle 8i, My-SQL 4.1, Microsoft Access 2000

Languages 	Core Java, PL/SQL

O.S.	Windows 9x, 2000,XP 

Tool	NetBeans 2.1, Eclipse 3.0.1, My Eclipse 4.0, Flex Builder 2.0

Server	Tomcat 5.12, Jboss 4.0, Resin 3.1.



Summary of Qualifications

Year	  Degree		University / Board	Percentage

June   2005	  M.C.A.	Shivaji University, Kolhapur 	65.05

Apr    2002	  B.SC.(Physics)	Shivaji University, Kolhapur	61.48



Project Details

1.	 Project Name	           :     Empower, Symmerdx USA.

	 Duration	     :	     5 months

	 Team Size	     :	     10

	 Tools and Technologies     :    Adobe Flex 2.0, Hibernate 3.0, Java,
MySql 4.1 and Jboss 4.0.

	

	. The application is a unique eleven step Self Contracting Model that
empowers the materials managers of the hospitals to effectively
negotiate with the suppliers to purchase Physician Preferred products.

          The Empower system automates most of the key steps in the Self
Contracting Model serves as   an effective tool in health care product
management.

Roles	:  Design Development and Testing.

2.	Project Name		      :	Material Management System

	Duration	:	5 months

	Team Size	:	3

	Tools and Technologies	:	JSP, Servlet, MySql 4.1 and Tomcat 5.0

	

	. This system has main modules as – 1.Creation of Index Sheet and
Bill of Material for machine. 2. After that, Purchase order is generated
against machine. 3. Raw Material is accepted against machine through
Good Receipt Note. 4. Then the raw material goes to production
department through Material Issue Note. 5. After completion of job from
production department, finished product stock is maintained through
Product Transfer Note. 6. Finally Delivery Challan and Invoice is
generated.

            There are various reports based on inputs.

Roles	:  Analysis, Development ,Testing and Maintenance

3.	Project Name	:	Payroll & Accounting System

Duration	:	4  Months

      Team Size	:	3

	Tools and Technologies	 :	My-SQL 4.1 & Tomcat, Struts 1.1(MVC).

The system which keep the Information of the Employee, Payment record
and attendance of the employee. The System also Provide Salary Structure
and generate Earning Statement & P. F reports for the employee.

Roles	:  Analysis, Development and Maintenance.

	

4.	Project Name		      :	Inventory Management system

	Duration	:	4 months

	Team Size	:	3

	Tools and Technologies	:	JSP, Servlet,MySql 4.1 and Tomcat

	

	It covers all the aspects of Inventory Management System and helps in
controlling day to day activities of Store Department. The Inward of raw
material from various sources to Outward of finished goods through their
Stores. The system also developed to maintains current stock status
reports and provide Invoice for finished products. 

	

Roles	:  Analysis, Development, Testing and Maintenance.

5.	Project Name		      :	Sales & Distribution Management System

	Duration	:	4 months

	Team Size	:	3

	Tools and Technologies	:	JSP, Servlet,Oracle 8i and Tomcat 5.0

	

	The system maintains the daily Sales & Distribution of the mineral
water. The System has barcode tracking facility. The system keeps record
of the daily load & unloads information of the mineral water & its
distribution to different Customer & Payment details of the Customer 

	

Roles	:  Analysis, Development and Maintenance

6.	Project Name		      :	Channel Management System

	Duration	:	3 months

	Team Size	:	5

	Tools and Technologies	:	JSP, Servlet,Oracle 8i and Tomcat 5.0

	

	 It covered overall sales and order management. The System goals to
track on sales and order included with user roll management system.

Roles	:  Analysis, Development and Maintenance

Personal Information

Date of Birth	:	30 May 1981

Sex	:	Male 

Marital status	:	Single

Nationality	:	Indian

Language Known	:	English, Hindi, Marathi

 	         Contact Number	:	9850347023

	Permanent Address    :        Flat No. –17, Anshu Apartment,

                                                        Laxmi Nagar,

			                    Old  Sangvi, Pune – 411027

Hobbies	:	Playing Chess & Cricket, and Reading

Extra Curricular Activity

Worked as organizing committee member at ‘TARANG 2003’.

(State level Paper presentation & Software exhibition Competition).     


Present papers on Struts Framework.

Participate in College Cultural activity

Date:        /07/2007  

Place: Pune 	   							    (Vijay Shinde)

Vijay N. Shinde 			      		 Email :   svnvijay@gmail.com  

								    svn_vijay@yahoo.co.in  

 		 					   Cell :    9850347023

  PAGE  4   PAGE  4   PAGE  4 	  PAGE  4 

