Nilesh Nitin Wattamwar

Email: nilesh.wattamwar@gmail.com, Phone: +91-9970190077

Experience Summary 

I am working as a software developer with Sakar Solutions, pune for 2
years since June-2005.

My technological forte is JAVA, J2EE and Oracle.

My main area of experience has been in development and deployment the
Project .My current designation is Jr.software developer and my current
role is Developer & designer.

Technology

	-  Languages/Technologies

core java, JSP, Servlet, struts, HTML.

-  Operating Systems

	WINDOWS-98/2000/XP

	-  Database

	ORACLE 8i

 	

Career Profile

Dates	Organization	Roles Played

   Jun 2005	Sakar solutions,pune	Developer, Designer.



Project-1	Student Information Management System

Organization	Sakar solutions

Role	Team Member, Developer

Platform	WindowsXP

Technology 	Core java,jsp,servlets,oracle 8i

Responsibilities	the first phase started with requirements gathering,
doing business analysis. 

As a team member I was involved in the following

Coding

Unit Testing

Review



Job description	This is the customized Software package that will be
used by our client (Institution) which gives training for competitive
exams. It will help manage the records of students, their daily
activities including attendance, tests & other activities. It will also
keep record of Involvement of Ex-Students. 

The project was executed in following different phases:

Requirement Analysis

Architectural Design

Detailed Design

Development

Testing





Project-2	Contract Broiler Farming

Organization	Sakar Solutions

Role	Team Member,Designer,Developer

Platform 	WindowsXP

Technology	Core java,jsp,servlets,oracle 8i

Roles & Responsibilities	the first phase started with requirements
gathering, doing business analysis. 

As a team member I was involved in the following

Coding

Unit Testing

Review



Job description	 

This application aims at automating all process of section of poultry
industry,

which deals with contract broiler farming.company can take number of
poultry

farms on contract. Different application of this module includes,
Inventory 

Management of Birds/chicks, daily needs (feed, medicine) equipments
provided to

farmers, purchase order, control the flow of Inventory.

The project was executed in following different phases:

Requirement Analysis

Architectural Design

Detailed Design

Development

Testing

      



Project-3	Stock Management System

Organization	Sakar Solutions

Role	Team Member,Designer,Developer

Platform 	WindowsXP

Technology	Core java,jsp,servlets,oracle 8i

Roles & Responsibilities	It is a enhancement/ Maintenance type of
project.

Coding

Unit Testing

Review



Job description	 

 It is a web based application, which addresses the all major 
functional areas of Inventory. It provides all information regarding
purchase order, purchase requisition, administration and control the
flow of Inventory, improved  response send  delivery.

      



Project-4	HR-Portal and resource provider

Organization	Sakar Solutions

Role	Team Member,Designer,Developer

Platform 	WindowsXP

Technology	Core java,jsp,servlets,oracle 8i

Roles & Responsibilities	It is a enhancement/ Maintenance type of
project.

Coding

Unit Testing

Review



Job description	          This application was developed to support the
HR Recruitment procedures of the company. This application includes
candidate registration, resume submission, sample tests, question
navigation, test result analysis. Any candidate submitting his/her
biodata at the company’s website can be screened by HR manager. It
also includes the development code for the auto timer keeps track of the
test time and displays the result when time is exhausted

      



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Year	Institution	Program	Grade/Percentage

2005	Jawaharlal Nehru  Engg College of Aurangabad	Bachelor of
Engineering  

(COMP)	64.33%

2001	MGM,Ahmedpur	HSC 	67.45%

1999	Bal Vidya Mandir High School,Parbhani	SSC 	73.46%



PERSONAL DETAILS : 

Date of Birth		28 May 1983

Languages Known		English,Hindi,Marathi

Marital Status 	Single

Sex	Male

Current Address	C/o R.D.Pabsetwar

17,kundan plaza, bhau patil road bopodi Pune  



Declaration   

I hereby declare that, all the statements made in the document are true,
complete and correct   to the best of my knowledge and belief.

				                                                                    
                                                     Nilesh Wattamwar

 PAGE   

 PAGE   1 

   \* MERGEFORMAT  MERGEFORMAT 

