 	

Dear Supriya Rode,

Here is the resume of the applicant Aarti Shisode for the Job Title
Technical writer . 

Resume Title: Resume 

Current Location: Mumbai 

 

 

Resume Summary

 

 

Resume 

 

 

 

Aarti Shisode

Hirkani CHS, Fl-4, Sec-15, Nerul, Navi Mumbai

Mumbai 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:aarti_shisode14@yahoo.co.in" \o
"mailto:aarti_shisode14@yahoo.co.in"  aarti_shisode14@yahoo.co.in 

Phone: 91-22-27702137

Mobile: 91-9967978981

Current Location: Mumbai

 

 

 

Date of Birth  14 Sep 1982

Gender  Female

Nationality  India 

 

 

 

Work experience

1 year 8 months

Skills

Technical Writing, ASP.Net, VB.Net, XML, SQL,C, C++ Prog, VB, Core Java,
Autocad.

Industry

IT Enabled Services,IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP,Human Resource, Admin & Recruitment

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer,Technical Writer

Current Employer

Lionbridge Technologies

Current Annual Salary

1.10 lacs per annum

Previous Employer

Symatic Engg. Pvt Ltd.

Highest Degree Held

B.E/B.Tech Electronics/Telecommunications Mumbai University

2nd Highest Degree Held

Class 12 Any 

Preferred Job Location

Mumbai,Pune

 

 

 

Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

C

Sep 2005

Beginner

1 months

Java

May 2006

Beginner

1 months

VB.NET

Dec 2006

Beginner

2 months

XML

Nov 2006

Beginner

1 months

ASP.Net

Jan 2006

Beginner

1 months

 

 

 

IT/ Computers - Software

 

 

AARTI SHISODE 

Hirkani CHS, Fl-4, Sec-15, aarti_shisode14@yahoo.co.in 

Nerul, Navi Mumbai- 400706. Ph: 27702137 (Res.) 

9967978981 (Mob.) 

______________________________________________________________________ 

Objective: Desire to excel in the field of Software and to utilize my
skills for the upcoming technologies. 

SOFTWARE / HARDWARE EXPOSURE: 

  Programming languages: C Programming, Core Java. 

  Database: SQL, MS-Access. 

  Front End: VB.Net, XML, ASP.Net, Visual Basic 6.0 

  Operating systems: Windows 9X, 2000, XP, DOS. 

  Computer Applications: MS-Office, AutoCAD. 

  Assembly level programming: 8085, 8086, 8051. 

Recently, undergoing a course for .Net at NIIT, Vashi Navi Mumbai. The
course includes: 

  Creating XML documents and validating them against DTD and XML
Schema. 

  Using Javascript and XML document object model to access and
manipulate data in a XML document. 

  Creating and deploying VB.Net applications. 

  Creating and using web services. 

  Consume and manipulate data using ADO.Net. 

  Test and debug Asp.Net applications. 

Educational Qualification: B.E. In Electronics from Terna Engineering
College 

(Mumbai University) 

Examination 

University/ College Name 

Year of Passing 

Percentage 

Class 

B.E (ETRX) 

Mumbai University 

(Terna Engg. College) 

May-2004 

62.85% 

First 

H.S.C. 

Mumbai University 

(ICLE's Junior College.) 

Feb-2000 

79.33% 

Distinction 

S.S.C. 

Mumbai University 

(St. Augustine's high School) 

March-1998 

80.80% 

Distinction 

Professional Experience: 

1. Technical Writer: 

Industry: Lionbridge Technologies Pvt Ltd. (  HYPERLINK
"http://www.lionbridge.com" \o "http://www.lionbridge.com" 
http://www.lionbridge.com ) 

(CMM Level 5 Company) 

About: Information technology and Software. 

Department: HP Technical Writing Team. 

Duration: February 2007 to present. 

Job profile: 

  Create user-friendly technical documents for product deliveries 

  Create a technical writing standards document for each client/
project. 

  Develop documentation project plans and timelines. 

  Create online help systems for software products. 

  Create Basic guides, User guides and online help systems for new
upcoming products. 

2. Quality Control Engineer: 

Industry: Symatic Engineering Pvt. Ltd. 

About: Automation and Manufacturing of Electrical control panels,Drives
and PLC's. 

Department: Quality Control Department. 

Duration: October 2004琠⁯灁楲⁬〲㘰‮䨍扯瀠潲楦敬›

  Checking all Incoming Switchgear items According To IS & Our QAP
(Quality Assurance Plan). 

  Testing of MCC (Motor Control Circuit), PCC (Power Control
Circuit) and PMCC (Power Motor Control Circuit) panels. 

?

@

A

B

C

D

W

X

Y

¦

§

¨

©

ª

«

¬



ú

û

ü

ý

þ

ÿ

ª

«

¬

þ

ÿ

ЀÅ

Æ

Ç

 point of view. 

  Maintaining post-dispatch documents of control panels. 

  Co-ordinating with the client. 

B.E. Project: 

Title: “AUTOMATIC FILLING OF DIESEL TANK” 

Sponsored by: Siemens Ltd.,Kalwa Works. 

Project Guides: Prof. B.G.Hogade, ETRX Department, Terna Engg. College. 

Mr.N.P.Barboza, Siemens Ltd. 

Duration: July 2005 to April 2006 

Team Size: 4 Members. 

Role: Team leader. 

Brief Overview: The objective of our project was turning the motor on &
off once the diesel in the tank reaches its minimum and maximum level
respectively. But since diesel being highly inflammable, it was
difficult to place electronic circuitry inside the tank. So the level of
diesel inside the tank had to be sensed by mechanical method using float
mechanism. 

To achieve this, the complete circuit was designed by us and was
implemented using digital and analog IC's. 

Undergraduate Seminars: 

Gave a presentation on Microwaves & Optical fiber measurements at Terna
Engg. College, Nerul, Navi Mumbai. 

Gave a seminar on the call initiation procedure involved in mobile
communication. 

Leadership/ Extra-Curricular: 

1. Committee member for annual college event -Resonance. 

2. Designed a mini project “Transistor Tester” using electronic
circuitry. 

Personal Details: 

Date of Birth: 14th Sept 1982. 

Marital status: Single. 

Languages Known: English, Hindi & Marathi. 

To act on this resume within your Monster Account, please   HYPERLINK
"http://recruiter.monsterindia.com/resumedatabase/resume.html?resid=4156
064&uid=4678099&type=public&folderID=3499832&section=0&source=1" \o
"http://recruiter.monsterindia.com/resumedatabase/resume.html?resid=4156
064&uid=4678099&type=public&folderID=3499832&section=0&source=1"  click
here . 

Best Regards,

 

	

