RESUME

Mr. Suvajit S. Saha

  Career Objective…

A rewarding position in a dynamic and professionally managed
organization, where

my abilities and skills are optimally utilized and challenged. 

  Personal Details…

Address                    :  Permanent –      305/B, Ashis Apt.,

                                		           Navghar Road,

                                                              Bhayander
(e) Thane-401105.

Contact No.              :     Permanent: 022-8045116

                                      Mobile: +919892487893

E-mail ID                 :     HYPERLINK
"mailto:suvajit_saha@rediffmail.com"  suvajit_saha@rediffmail.com  ,  
HYPERLINK "mailto:suvajitsaha@gmail.com"  suvajitsaha@gmail.com 

Birth Date                :   3rd April 1983

Marital Status          :   Single

Hobbies                    :   Listening Music, reading, Net Surfing. 

Total Work Exp	 :    1 Yr 10 Months.

  Educational Qualification…

B. E. in Computer with Higher SecondClass (58.83%) in the year 2004-05
from Pravara Rural Engineering College (Pune University).

Diploma in Computer Engg. with First Class with Distinction (79.85 %) in
the year 2001-02 from D.B.A.T.U.

  Academic Profile…

Examination	Year of Passing	University/Board	% of Marks	Class

B.E(Computer) 	May 2005	Pune	58.83%	Higher Second

Diploma(Computers)	May 2002	BATU, Lonere	79.85%	Distinction

S.S.C	Mar 1999	Maharashtra	79.33%	Distinction



        Aggregate Percentage :-    (Including Diploma)  :  60.37 %

  Work Experience…

				

Working for India Infoline Ltd. as a Senior software developer since
August 2005. Experience 

Job Responsibility:- Developing interfaces in ASP,VB,VB.net and SQL
Server as backend. Maintenance & enhancement of various Backoffice
related projects. Administrating and Revamping of   HYPERLINK
"http://www.indiainfoline.com"  www.indiainfoline.com  & Invest Online
website. Maintenance & administrating databases in SQL Server.

   	

  Technical Proficiencies…

Operating System                : Windows 98, 2000 Professional and
LINUX

Programming Languages    :  C, C++, SQL, Java                           
   

Databases and GUI              : Visual Basic 6.0, VB.net, SQL server

Web Technologies                : HTML, ASP, VBScript, Javascript ,
DHTML

Methodologies                      : UML, Object Oriented Methodology
and Design

Tools                                     : Rational Rose

   Summary of Projects…

             

Seminars:     

Real Time Multimedia 

COM (Component Object Model).

Projects Undertaken:     

I worked as Team member / solely responsible in the designing &
development & maintenance of below mentioned projects.

BoSwaraj : A vb.net desktop application with SQL server 2000 as Backend
which is used for Backoffice Billing, Accounting, Generating Reports
,Sending Reports as Mails, Generating Contract notes, Generating Trade
Confirmation. This application is also used for generation of client
summary report .This application also has a  Query report tool where an
user can generate report with Query writing interface.

Wire : A complete solution for the various activites of the India
Infoline employees which includes Accont Reconliation, CMS entry
auditing module, Customer Care Performance Measurement, RMs & Branches
Preformance Measurement based on the Brokerage generated by each,
Sending Trade Confirmation in SMS form to all the clients, Backoffice
activites, Client Portfolio viewing & updation.

VAS SMS : An application which sends stock prices, market tips,
cooperate news & ledger balance based on the stocks in the client’s
portfolio.

 Franchisee Payment: An application which is used to generate & send
reports to the various franchisees based on the brokerage generated by
clients mapped under them.

  Industrial Training…

Computer hardware and networking from Sankalp Computers 

  Courses…

Certified course in Core Java  from SSI in 2003-04 with A-Grade.

   Achivements…

Participated in National level paper presentation in K.B.P.C.E. Satara
2004-05

 

Won second prize in inter departmental project exhibition  2004-05 

Looking forward to learn and achieve my goals in a challenging,
disciplined and free work culture atmosphere.

					                               Suvajit S. Saha

