Amit Jagtap

B/305 silver residency

agra rd

kalyan -421301 

Date of Birth: 20 May 1978 Gender:Male 

Annual Salary: 2 Lac(s) 85 Thousand 

Total Years of Experience: 4 Year(s) 2 Month(s) 

CONTACT INFORMATION

Telephone: 

9967063997(M)

91 0251 2302763(R) 

Email: 

amitj_78@rediffmail.com

amitj_20@yahoo.co.in

Team Leader with 4.2 years of experience

Key Skills: 

ASP.Net, C#, Share Point Portal Server-2003,2007, ASP, SQL Server,
Visual Basic, COM, Oracle 9i and crystal Reports 9

INDUSTRY INFORMATION

  HYPERLINK
"http://resdex.naukri.com/resdex/files/dispsim.php?gt=2&sort=RATREL&user
name=amitj_78&loc=cv" \t "_blank"  Show Similar Resumesß 

Current Industry: IT-Software/Software Services

Current Functional Area: IT Software- E-Commerce / Internet Technologies

Current Role: Team Lead / Tech Lead

Current Employer: L & T Infotech

Current Designation: Software Engineer

Previous Employer: Anuron Hitech Pvt LTD

Last Designation at Previous Company: Programmer

LOCATION

Current: Mumbai

Preferred: No preference

EDUCATION

B.Sc (Physics) from Mumbai University in 1998 

Other (Other) from Watumull Institute Of Electronic Engg and Computer
Technology Mumbai in 2003 

SUMMARY OF SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

Accomplished software porfessional with sound engineering skills having
4.2 + years of experience in Web Development and Client / Server
development involving Relational Databases, Object Oriented design,
System Design, Systems Support, Training and Quality Assurance using
ASP.Net, C#, ASP, SQL Server, Visual Basic, COM, Oracle 9i and crystal
Reports 9. and Application Integration server Biztalk 2006

With L&T Infotech as Software Engineer from Jul 2005 to Till Date 

Job Profile:

Requrement Analysis,Design,Development,Testing,Deployment 

With Anuron Hitech Pvt LTD as Programmer from Jul 2004 to Jul 2005 

Job Profile:

Design,Development,Testing 

With Etelsolutions pvt ltd as programmer from Nov 2003 to Jun 2004 

Job Profile:

software design development testing maintenance 

With staronline Technologies as junior programmer from Sep 2003 to Nov
2003 

Job Profile:

Maintaining The Online Web Application 

With B.P.C.L as trainee officer from Feb 2003 to Aug 2003 

Job Profile:

software devlopment and maintenance 

IT SKILLS & PROJECTS

IT SKILLS 

Skill Type

Skill Name

Proficiency Level

Last Used

Years of Experience

XML 

proficient 

2005 

1 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

Microsoft content management server 

proficient 

2006 

0 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

MICROSOFT SHARE POINT PORTAL SERVER 2003-2007

proficient 

2006 

0 Year(s) 10 Month(s) 

Biztalk Server 2006

beginner 

2007 

0 Year(s) 1 Month(s) 

Tools/Others 

crystal reports 9

proficient 

2004 

1 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

janus grid 2000

expert 

2004 

1 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

DATABASE 

Sql Server-2000 

proficient 

2004 

2 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

Oracle-9i 

proficient 

2004 

1 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

Ms-Access 

expert 

2003 

3 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

MY-SQL 

proficient 

2003 

0 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

DB2 

beginner 

2005 

0 Year(s) 2 Month(s) 

Teradata 5

proficient 

2005 

0 Year(s) 3 Month(s) 

GUI 

VB 6.0

expert 

2002 

2 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

LANGUAGE 

ASP 3.0

expert 

2003 

6 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

c++ 

proficient 

2003 

2 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

ASP.NET 2.0

proficient 

2004 

1 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

C# 1.0

proficient 

2004 

1 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

VB.Net 1.0

proficient 

2004 

0 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

OS 

Linux redhat suse-7.2

proficient 

2004 

1 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

win2000,WIN NT 2000 advance se

proficient 

2004 

3 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

SERVER 

IIS 6.0

proficient 

2004 

1 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

TOOLS 

flex ,yacc 

proficient 

2001 

1 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

html 

expert 

2003 

2 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 

VSFlexgrid 7.0

expert 

2005 

0 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 

IT PROJECTS 

As Module Leader at Viacom from Feb' 2007 - Apr' 2007 ( Off Site )

Project Name: JDEwards and Sprinter Integration 

Team Size: 6 

Location: US 

Profile: Application integration providing data migration from JDEdwards
Enterprise one to Sprinter system(oracle system) 

Role: As a Senior Software Engineer Involved in Requirement
analysis,Prototyping,and feasiblity of the requirement 

Skills Used: Biztalk Server 

As Module Leader at MTVN PRODUCTION from Jul' 2006 - Mar' 2007 ( Off
Site )

Project Name: MTVN OUTSOURCING PORTAL 

Team Size: 6 

Location: 

Profile: MTVN outsourcing team wish to online their brand information
and projects related to a particular brand,the information should be
available/maintained as per the user role. Information might be vendor
information or project related documents (RFP’s Sow’s). Application
will allow user to create a brand sub site. Create projects sites for a
brand, assign vendors to a brand. Defined Layout/folders predefined
documents should be automatically created for newly created
brand/project vendors. Allow Portal administrator to assign users access
with different attributes and different roles to the sites. Allow
document sharing with vendor. Create Manage and maintain vendor
knowledge base. 

Role: As a team leader involved in PMLC, PDLC activities of the project
Requirement Estimation, planning, Analysis, design, development and
testing of the application. 

Skills Used: Sql Server-2000,ASP.NET,C#,MICROSOFT SHARE POINT PORTAL
SERVER 

As Sr. Programmer at Viacom from Jun' 2006 - Jul' 2006 ( Off Site )

Project Name: Viacom POPP 

Team Size: 5 

Location: Navi Mumbai 

Profile: The application allowed user to perform search across the site 

Role: As a senior progammer involved in the requiremen
gathering,prototyping,feasiblity study and coding phase of the
application 

Skills Used: C#,MICROSOFT SHARE POINT PORTAL SERVER 

As Project Leader at Viacom from Feb' 2006 - Jun' 2006 ( Off Site )

Project Name: MTVN-POPP 

Team Size: 3 

Location: Navi mumbai 

Profile: POPP Application allows users to manage the POPP policies and
procedure contents through intranet application. Application list all
the policies and procedures in a tree structure and display content
details in the right section. Application allows user to create and
manage dynamic contents (Hyperlinks, Link to the other section of the
tree, Dynamic Tool tip contents which also can have dynamic links, forms
link to document library). Application also allows user to print
selected section or selected and all subsection or entire manual,
Application also allows user to save policy contents and sub contents or
the entire manual. Administrator user can add new policy or delete any
existing policy details. Search on the policy details both “Exact
search” and “Any word search”. Provide role based display to the
normal user and administrator 

Role: As a team leader involved in PMLC and PDLC activities of the
project Requirement Estimation, planning, Analysis, design, development
and testing of the application. 

Skills Used: Sql Server-2000,ASP.NET,C#,Microsoft content management
server,MICROSOFT SHARE POINT PORTAL SERVER 

As Module Leader at Firstlogic(taken over by business objects) from Nov'
2005 - Jan' 2006 ( Off Site )

Project Name: IQIINSIGHT 

Team Size: 8 

Location: NEW MUMBAI 

Profile: IQI Insight is a data quality assessment and analysis tool that
enables organizations to quickly inspect their data repositories and
quantify quality issues. The tool gives detailed analysis, measurement,
and history reports about consistency and integrity of a particular
supported data source. The application is a solution for monitoring,
analyzing and reporting on the systems and packaged applications, and
other data sources .It allows measurement of business rule compliance
and offers clients a dashboard through which data quality can be
improved and measured over time. Developed reporting engine using a
Service oriented architecture that can register as windows services and
generate scheduled reports. 

Role: As a software Engineer 

Skills Used: win2000,WIN NT,Sql Server-2000,crystal
reports,DB2,Teradata,sybase,VB,VSFlexgrid,XML 

As Sr. Programmer at A leading manufacturing industry, India from Jul'
2005 - Oct' 2005 ( Off Site )

Project Name: MES-Workbench (Plant Floor Knowledge Management System) 

Team Size: 5 

Location: Navi Mumbai 

Profile: The Knowledge Management system is developed for manufacturing
industry and is implemented on the Shop Floor. MS Content Management
Server was used for approval workflow. It involves configuring Share
Point Portal Server, Workspace Planning, Adding, Managing, Publishing
Content and Administrative Management Module. 

Role: Involved in requirement study, design, development and testing of
the application.

Preparation of Unit/Integration and System Test Cases.

Design of Database, coding of Stored Procedures.

Skills Used: Sql Server-2000,ASP.NET,C#,IIS,Share point 

As Sr. Programmer at Bombay central Carshed from Mar' 2005 - Jul' 2005 (
On Site )

Project Name: Maintenance Management System 

Team Size: 8 

Location: Bombay Central 

Profile: Developing project for western railways workshop EMU ,
providing features to track Record of all equipment of railway coaches,
providing failure, performance, MIS Reports at various levels. There By
helping to provide efficient Administration, maintenance and helping to
track Record of all equipments and their performance as per make. 

Role: Core module Design, Development, Testing and Database
Design.Involved in Development of Entire Section for the workshop. 

Skills Used: 

As Programmer at westernRalways Mahalaxmi workshop from Jul' 2004 - Dec'
2004 ( On Site )

Project Name: Railways maintenance mgmt system 

Team Size: 6 

Location: mumbai 

Profile: Developing project for western railways workshop EMU, providing
features to track record of all equipment of railway coaches, providing
failure, performance, MIS Reports 

at various levels. There By helping to provide efficient Administration,
maintenance and helping to track Record of all equipments and their
performance 

Role: As a SR programmer invloved in development and testing of the POH
Section in the project package 

Skills Used: vb-6.0,Oracle-9i:Ms-Access,win2000,WIN NT 2000 advance
se,crystal reports 9:janus grid 2000 

As Programmer at e-telsolution pvt ltd from Feb' 2004 - Jun' 2004 ( Off
Site )

Project Name: hospital mgmt system 

Team Size: 4 

Location: mumbai 

Profile: developed project for hospital inpatient,outpatient and
maintenance department 

Role: worked as software designer developer

and done testing of the package 

Skills Used: c:vb-6.0,sql-2000,win2000,WIN NT 2000 advance se,crystal
reports 9 

As Sr. Programmer at e-telsolutions pvt ltd from Nov' 2003 - Jan' 2004 (
On Site )

Project Name: Website Development 

Team Size: 2 

Location: Thane 

Profile: Developed non portal website for the firm 

Role: Design Development 

Skills Used: Asp 3.0:c,win2000,WIN NT 2000 advance se,html,cgi 

As Programmer at star technologies from Sep' 2003 - Nov' 2003 ( Off Site
)

Project Name: web devloper 

Team Size: 3 

Location: mumbai 

Profile: Maintaining The portal for the UK Based Shoppee

Role: junior programmer 

Skills Used: Asp 3.0,Ms-Access,win2000,WIN NT 2000 advance se 

As Test Engineer at B.P.C.L from Feb' 2003 - Aug' 2003 ( Off Site )

Project Name: Billing package for B.P.C.L 

Team Size: 3 

Location: mumbai 

Profile: Deveopment and maintenance of telephone bill recovery
reimbursement

for bPCL Employees 

Role: Software developement testing 

Skills Used: Asp 3.0:c,win2000,WIN NT 2000 advance se 

WORK AUTHORISATION

Work Status for the US: Have H1 Visa

Countries authorised to work in : Australia,United Kingdom,United States


Job Type : Permanent

Jobseeker Employment Status : Full Time

Work Level : Middle Management



TEXT RESUME

Amit M Jagtap

Software Engineer

Summary

Total 3.4 + years of experience in Web Development and Client / Server
development involving Relational Databases, Object Oriented design,
System Design, Systems Support and Quality Assurance using ASP.Net, C#,
ASP, SQL Server, Visual Basic, COM, Oracle 9i and crystal Reports 9.

Education

Bsc. Tech (Computer Technology) from University of Mumbai- 2003 Passed
Out

B.Sc (Physics) from University of Mumbai.

General Information:

Name: Amit M Jagtap.

Email: amitj_78@rediffmail.com, amitj_20@yahoo.co.in.

Address: B/305, Silver Residency, Agra Road, Near Lal chawki, Kalyan
(w).

Passport No: E3605824.

Tel (Resi): +91 -0251-2302763.

Mobile: 9819358700.

Notice Period: 1Month.

Skills Summary

Operating Systems: Windows 9x/ NT/ 2000/ XP, Linux, Unix, Dos. 

Application IIS-Web Server 

Servers: 

Languages: VB-6.0, C, C++, HTML, XML, c#, ASP 3.0, Asp. Net, 

Core Java 

Databases: MS SQL Server 2000, Oracle 9i,MYSQL,Teradata, MS 

ACCESS 

Tools/ Software: Microsoft visual studio.Net-2003,Front Page, 

Visual Interdev, Visio 2000, Visual Source safe 

6.0, Microsoft Project, Share Point Portal Server, 

Microsoft Content Management Server, Microsoft 

Reporting Services, Flex, Yacc, Toad. 

Third party Tools: Janus Grid 2000, VSFlexGrid7.0 

Reporting Tools Crystal Reports 9.0 

Concepts RDBMS, IIS Web Server, OOPS, COM, COM+ 

Scripts VBScript, Java Script 

Professional Experience

Jul 05 - Present LntInfotech (Mahape- Navi Mumbai)

Software Engineer

Project: Viacom-POPP

Client: Viacom, Inc. USA

Viacom is MTV Production. Creating Intranet applications for the company
to allow user to view or to maintain the contents of the portal

As a team leader involved in project management and PDLC activities of
the project such as Requirement Estimation, planning, Analysis, design,
development and testing of the application. Preparation of
Unit/Integration and System Test Cases. Design of Database, coding
Testing.

Environment: Windows 2003, Sql-Server 2000, Microsoft content Management
Server, Microsoft Share Point Portal 2003, Asp.Net, C#, Microsoft
Reporting Services, Rich Text Box Control.

Project: IQ Insight

Client: Firstlogic Now acquired by Business objects XI, Inc. USA

IQI Insight is a data quality assessment and analysis tool that enables
organizations to quickly inspect their data repositories and quantify
quality issues. The tool gives detailed analysis, measurement, and
history reports about consistency and integrity of a particular
supported data source. The application is a solution for monitoring,
analyzing and reporting on the systems and packaged applications, and
other data sources .It allows measurement of business rule compliance
and offers clients a dashboard through which data quality can be
improved and measured over time. Developed reporting engine that can
register as windows services and generate scheduled reports

Involved in requirement study, design, development and testing of the
application.

Preparation of Unit/Integration and System Test Cases.

Environment: Visual Basic 6.0, Oracle, SQL Server, MS-Access, DB2,
As400, Sybase, Teradata, Excel, Text, Crystal Reports 9, Win2k, NT, XP.

Project: MES-Workbench (Plant Floor Knowledge Management System)

Client: A leading manufacturing industry, India

The Knowledge Management system is developed for manufacturing industry
and is implemented on the Shop Floor. MS Content Management Server was
used for approval workflow. It involves configuring Share Point Portal
Server, Workspace Planning, Adding, Managing, Publishing Content and
Administrative Management Module.

Involved in requirement study, design, development and testing of the
application.

Preparation of Unit/Integration and System Test Cases.

Design of Database, coding of Stored Procedures.

Environment: Windows 2003, Microsoft Share Point Portal Server 2003,
ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server 2000, IIS 6.0, MS Project 2000, Microsoft Office
2003, Microsoft Visual Studio.NET, Microsoft Visual Source Safe

Jul 04 - Jul 05 Anuron Hi Tech PVT LTD.

Programmer Design, Development, Implementation

Project: Maintenance Management System

Client: Western Railways Mumbai central Workshop.

Under Development project for western railways workshop EMU, providing
features to track record of all equipment of railway coaches, providing
failure, performance, MIS Reports at various levels, there by helping to
provide efficient administration, maintenance and to track Record of all
equipments and their performance as per make.

Environment: VB 6.0, Oracle-9i, Crystal Reports 9, Ms-Access, Janus Grid
2000.

Project: E-procurement (Online electronic tendering system.)

Client: General Purpose (www.tendermarkets.com) (In-House Development)

Online Electronic tendering system:

Tendering system is a B2B. System Provides online Tendering by providing
all Tendering features. The process involved create, approve annual
budget. Create, approve Indent. Create NIT. Facilitate online Publishing
of the NIT, Create Tender Document, Approve tender document. Facilitate
Downloading of Tender Document to the vendor, Online Bid Submission,
Online Filling of bid, generate comparative statement of all vendors
participating in the tender, Awarding of tender.

Scope of the project: Software can be used by Public sector
organizations for Tendering.

The system provides the means to Raise an indent, create an auction for
multiple categories, multiple items, activate an auction, Facilitate on
line bidding for the vendor. Award the auction items to the lowest
quoted vendor.

Environment: Asp-3.0, Sql-Server, XML, CSS, VB-6.0 for DLL for Database
Operations. Application Servers: IIS-5.0. Visual Interdev, FrontPage.

Project: Knowledge Test.

Client: Western Railway.

Developed Knowledge test system for Railway's Training Department. The
system provides means for testing the knowledge of the Trainees.

Environment: VB 6.0 Microsoft Access, Crystal Report 9.

Project: Maintenance Management System.

Client: Western Railways Mahalaxmi EMU.

Developed and Implemented 'Maintenance Management System' for western
railways Mahalaxmi EMU, providing features to track record of all
equipment of railway coaches, providing failure, performance, MIS
Reports at various levels. There By helping to provide efficient
Administration, maintenance and helping to track Record of all
equipments and their performance as per make.

Environment: VB 6.0, Oracle-9i, Crystal Reports 9, Ms-Access, Janus Grid
2000.

Nov 03 - Jun 04 E-Telsolutions Thane

Software Developer

Project: Hospital Management System.

Client: Western Railway.

Maintaining Transaction for inpatient, outpatient and maintenance
section

of the hospital and generating Reports.

Environment: VB 6.0 Microsoft Access, Crystal Report 9.

Project: Website Development.

Client: Company website

Developed website for the company

Designing and development of website.

Environment: Front page, Html, CSS, JavaScript and Adobe Photoshop.

Sep 03 - Nov 03 Star web solutions

Software Engineer

Project: Development and Maintenance of a Portal.

Client: www.Costumes4less.com,CostumesProseo.com

Development Testing and maintenance of website.

Environment: ASP- 3.0, SQL-Server, MS-ACCESS, Front page, CSS,
JavaScript.

Feb 03 - Aug 03 B.P.C.L Trainee

Trainee Software Developer

Project: Telephone Bill Recovery Reimbursement package.

Client: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited.

Telephone billing package meant for recovering the excess bill from the
employees according to the designation else reimbursing the amount

As a Trainee Programmer Involved in the Testing of client server and
design, development of web based application.

Environment: VB 6.0, ASP 3.0, SQL Server 2000.



