     				Resume

Inamdar Sachin S.

C/o Dattatray Shirke

F2-4914, 3/2 Shridhar Krupa Society, Bhelke Nagar, Pune 411038.

ss_inamdar@yahoo.co.in     

Phone–9960646674

 ___________________________________________________________________

SUMMARY

2 years of Experience in .Net technologies.

B.E. in COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING 

Knowledge of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle)

Excellent logic and programming skills.

Capacity for work – Meeting Deadlines.

OBJECTIVE

To work in an environment that is innovative, challenging and rewarding
and which offers a profound knowledge base to enhance my talent,
exposure and zeal of learning.

EXPERIENCE

Working in Mihir Enterprises Pvt.Ltd, Pune since June 2005.

Position   : Programmer

Job Profile: Developing Windows Based Applications using VB.NET and VB,
web applications using ASP.NET and SQL Server, MS-Access.

EDUCATION

B.E. [Computer Science & Engineering][2003] from Dr. B. A. Marathwada   

          University First Class with Distinction (67.73%)

	H.S.C [1999] from Shri. CS College, Omerga, Maharashtra Board

First Class (73.70%)

	S.S.C [1997] form M.B High school, Omerga, Maharashtra Board

First Class (78.00%)

TECHNICAL PROFILE

COMPUTER SKILLS	: VB.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET, Visual Basics, SQL SERVER
2000, MS-Access C/C++, XML, HTML, JavaScript.

CURRENTLY WORKING 	: As Programmer in Mihir Enterprises Pvt.Ltd, Pune.

EXPERIENCE	: 2 years.



PROJECTS HANDLED

KutumbCareCard

Role	: Design and Development

Technologies Used	: Asp.Net, Vb.Net, Sql Server 2000

DESCRIPTION 

Kutumbcarecard is the online chain marketing. Web module of
kutmbcarecard enables any citizen to join kutumbcarecard online and
allows him to view payment reports, business reports, down line members
and view various events of the company. 

Windows Applications handles all the administrative parts in the company
like  

Activating member login, preparing RFID Card, calculating payments etc
with reports.

  Website  :   HYPERLINK "http://www.kutumbcarecard.com" 
www.kutumbcarecard.com 



As a team member, I was responsible for 

Design and coding for the class libraries and UI.

Testing - Unit Testing.





KutumbCareCard Shoppe Software 

Role	: Design and Development

Technologies Used	: Vb.Net, MS-Access, Sql Server 2000

DESCRIPTION 

Every member of kutumbcarecard can do purchasing using RFID Card from
the shops tied up with he company using this Shoppe Software. Shoppe
software also includes accounting for the shoppers where he can view
daily accounting.

As a team member, I was responsible for 

Design and coding for the class libraries and UI.

Testing - Unit Testing.





RFID Time Attendance System

Role	: Design and Development

Technologies Used	: Vb.Net, MS-Access

DESCRIPTION 

                     This is an Access Control System used in the
organizations/institutes for time attendance system.125 Hz card contains
10 digit unique number which is assigned to every employee of the
organization/institute. Hardware Module has memory card which can store
up to 5000 records. Using software these entries are stored in database
and reports get displayed using these entries.

As a team member, I was responsible for 

Design and coding for the class libraries and UI.

Testing - Unit Testing.





PC Securities System

Role	: Design and Development

Technologies Used	: Visual Basics, MS-Access

DESCRIPTION 

This software restricts/allows Various components/utilities/hardware
existing on system under Windows operating system. For example using
this software we can restrict access to CD-drive, Floppy Drive, USB Mass
Storage Access

As a team member, I was responsible for 

Design and coding for the class libraries and UI.

Testing - Unit Testing.





Vehicle Tracking System

Role	: Design and Development

Activex objects used	: ESRI Mapobject2.2

Technologies Used	: Vb.Net, Sql server 2000

DESCRIPTION 

                      GSM Transmitter attached in the vehicle sends
message using SIM Card which contains vehicle id, time stamp and
longitude and latitude. GSM Receiver receives this message in string
format and send it on Comm. Port. This information is plot against the
database and points plotted on the map. 

 

As a team member, I was responsible for 

Design and coding for the class libraries and UI.

Testing - Unit Testing.





Vehicle Tracking System( Using Google APIS)

Role	: Design and Development

Technologies Used	: Asp.Net, Sql server 2000, Java Script

DESCRIPTION 

                      Google have provided APIs to process Google maps.
After receiving vehicle id, time stamp and Lang/Lat of the vechile
through GSM receiver we can plot points on Google map and display
reports to the users.

  

As a team member, I was responsible for 

Design and coding for the class libraries and UI.

Testing - Unit Testing.





PERSONAL DETAILS

NAME	: Inamdar Sachin Sakharam.

DOB 	: 19th Jun 1982.

MARITAL STATUS 	: Single

Hobbies	: Reading, Learning new things 

LANGUAGES KNOWN	: English, Hindi, and Marathi.

			                        

                               Inamdar Sachin S

   ss_inamdar@yahoo.co.in     

 

Paramatrix Technologies Pvt Ltd.

