	       

C u r r i c u l u m      V i t a e

Career Objective

Being given an opportunity, I will use my technical skill at my level
best and achieve my best along with the progress of the firm.

Educational Qualifications 

B.E. Computer with 61% from North Maharastra University, Jalgaon in May
2004.

Diploma in Computer Engineering with 62.63% from Government Polytechnic
Thane, MSBTE Mumbai in June 2000.

S.S.C. with 58% from Mumbai Board, Mumbai in March 1995.

Passed Brain bench certification in ASP.NET.

Computer SKILLs

Operating Systems	       : Ms-Dos, Windows 95 / 98 / XP.

Languages		       : SQL

Microsoft Technologies       : Dot Net Architecture, VB.Net, ADO.Net,
ASP.Net, C#.

Databases		        : MS-SQL Server 2000.

Work Experience

Currently working as IT-Executive in  HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/"
All cargo Global Logistics Ltd .

  Company Profile:  HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/" All cargo Global
Logistics Ltd   is shipping company. Merge of 3 companies  

 HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/" All cargo Global Logistics Ltd . 

 HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/" TransIndia Freight Services Pvt Ltd
.

 HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/" ECU Line  

    Duration: 11 Sep 2006 to Till Date 

Project:  Intranet

This is Three Tier Architecture. The process begins with the requester
send a request to the authority person about the problem he is facing in
the system. Depending on the problem the solving time and status has
been declare automatically. For Each process the logs are maintain so
the authorized person of concern department can keep the track.

There are following sections in intranet to ease the processes.

Help Desk

Capital Sanction Note

Man Power Requisition System

Hardware Inventory

Publishing News, Articles, Events

Developed in Asp.NET with C# as Front End and SQL SERVER 2000 as Back
End   

2. Working as Software Developer in  HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/"
Magnum E Broking Pvt. Ltd , from 1st Aug 2005 to   30 Aug 2006.

  Company Profile:  HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/" Magnum E Broking
Pvt. Ltd  is an broking firm.

    Duration: Aug 2005 to Sep 2006 

Project:  Time and Attendance System	

               There are two modules in Time & Systems.  The first one
is Mustering Module.  In this module the data from tab files (text file)
get into our database tables and then processing for Time In & Time Out,
Late, Early or OT will be calculated for each employee.  And also
calculate Absentees for each employee.

The other one is Time & Attendance module.  In this module, the shift,
Leave and Rota master is present for assign of shift, leave & Rota code.
  After completion of process of Mustering Module, Reports will be
generated like daily Attendance Reports, Early / Late Report, Department
wise Present or Absent Report & Muster Report for a month.   This whole
is based on Swap Card System.  After swapping the card, the data get
into tab file & then time & Attendance process goes on.

Developed in VB, NETas Front End and SQL SERVER as Back End   

Project: Sub broker Registration and Printing System

There are 3 modules in this Sub broker Registration & Printing system.
The first one is for the registration sub broker and details .In this
sub broker has to give all is details.

The second one is printing all the form of that has been submitted both
at SEBI .The agreement between the Stockbroker and Sub broker is
printed.

And third is report of the sub broker. Through which exchange he is
registered.

 

Developed in Asp.net as Front End and SQL SERVER as Back End   

 A WEBSITE FOR MAGNUM EQUITY & BROKING LTD. – 

Environment:        ASP.net, SQL Server 2000, Oracle

Role: 	  Software design and analysis 

Duration:               6 months

Website:               www.magnumlive.com

Group Member:     4

3. Worked as Junior Software Developer in  HYPERLINK
"http://www.cybage.com/" Allied InfoTech , Mumbai, from 24th June 2004
to 27 July 2005.

Company Profile:   HYPERLINK "http://www.cybage.com/" Allied InfoTech  
is an Organization involved in providing customized Financial ERP,
Educational ERP, Judiciary ERP etc., and Software Solutions &
Development. They are also into Data Processing and Conversion, Web
Technologies etc. They have clients like Bharat Petroleum Corporation
Limited (BPCL), Govt. Engg. Colleges, JobsPreview.Com etc. 

Duration: June 2004 to July 2005

PROJECT TITLE: ADVAANCE RETAILER (Shop and wholesaler’s Inventory
Management system)

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:

	The project involved the stock and inventory management of retail shops
as well as Wholesalers. Handling the daily purchase and sales entries
along with the accounting details of the daily transactions. The
software is based on VB.NET as a front-end and SQL 7.0 as a backend. My
role in this project was to develop a certain aspects of the project and
to handle the support team for guidance.

Developed in VB.NET as Front End and SQL SERVER as Back End  

     

PROJECT AT B.E. 

A project on “Magnetic Resonance Imaging “was done in B.E.  Which
Dealt with MRI scan images.

SEMINAR AT B.E. 

A seminar on “M-Commerce”.

PROJECT AT D.C.E

A project on “Keyboard Swapping “was done in Diploma which dealt
with using two keyboards simultaneously on the same PC.

Hobbies

Watching Movies, Listening Music.

Personal Information

Full Name 		: Chandrakant H. Koli

Date of Birth       		: 16th Oct 1978

Marital Status       	: Married

Permanent Address	:  2/1, Gajanan Colony CHS, Near Shivaji Colony,
Jarimari Nagar, Kolsewadi, Kalyan (E) 

Pin                                      : 421306.                      
                                                                     

Mobile no.                          : 9892648131

Phone no.                          : 0251-2331779

Email                                  : chandrakant_koli@yahoo.co.in	

Languages Known     	: English, Hindi & Marathi 

If given a chance I promise to be a responsible and earnest person,
putting my best of efforts in everything I do. The information provided
above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date 		: 

Place	               :  

                                                                        
                                          

                                                                        
                                     CHANDRAKANT H. KOLI

