VINOD J. JANGLE

201, Nutan Manas Appt, Koparkhairane, Navi Mumbai 

Cell: 9920595224 • vinodjangle@yahoo.co.in 



Software Developer and Web Developer !

Objective :  To secure a challenging position to utilize my skills and
abilities in the Information Technology Industry that offers
professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

	

Core knowledge and skills :

valuable internship experience 

Analytical, detail oriented with strong programming skills 

Strong interpersonal skill  

 



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 

(A) LUSCIOUS TECHNOLOGY PVT. LTD., Pune,  			Jan 2006 – June 2006

Trainee / Software Developer

Recruited as a trainee for web development and software development
projects in internship program at last semester of MSc (Computers). The
responsibility given to design and implement programs for running
projects. During this period I develop Budgeting Management Information
System project for client Reliance InfoCom. Platform used is JSP,
Servlet, Struts and MySql as Database server.

Key Achievements:

•	Training on Java technology 

•	Development and web design Exp.

(B) PANACEA MULTI SERVICES PVT. LTD., Airoli, Navi Mumbai            
Jan 2007 – Present

 Software Developer

Recruited here as Junior Software developer for web development
projects.  Responsibility provided to generate code development,
business plans, project documentation, and delivery of product
application.

  

Key Achievements:

Re-engineering of application (web based apps.) 

Developed highly effective Software Manager Application

Project deals for Back office projects (Data Processing)

Data processing work experience (conversion from *.pdf to *.doc.)

VINOD J. JANGLE



	

TECHNICAL EXPLOSURE

  Platforms :   Windows 9x/NT/2000/XP

 Languages :   Core Java, VB, Vb.Net

          Web Technology :   HTML, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, ASP.Net

                      Database :   Oracle 9i/ 10g, MS Sql, MySql

                    Web Server :   Internet Information Services (IIS)
Server , TOMCAT Server 5.X version.

                     Awareness :    Bea Web Logic Server, Apache Struts
1.2.6 (MVC Framework)

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

Master of Computer Science – (58.00%) Second Class  

DOCS, North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon.

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science – (63.00%) First Class

M. J. College, North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon.

H.S.C. (Science stream) – (60.00%) First Class

M. J. College, Jalgaon  

S.S.C. – (60.00%) First Class

L N High School, Jalgaon  

 

PROJECTWORK  Experience

Budgeting MIS  - JSP, Servlet and MySql

Gas Agency Management – VB6 and Oracle 7.

Institute Management – ASP.Net 2.0 and Sql Server 2000

Website :   HYPERLINK "http://www.panaceamultiservices.com" 
http://www.panaceamultiservices.com  – HTML, ASP, Dream viewer

Library Management system – ASP.Net and Sql

                                                                        
                               (Details are on last page…)

PERSONAL  INFORMATION

             Name :   Mr. Vinod J. Jangle

 Date of Birth :   04th May 1984	

         Address :  71, Dixit wadi, Jilha Peth, Jalgaon – 425001. (Ph
: +91 257 2232304)

    Nationality :  Indian

Marital Status :  Single

   Languages  :  English, Marathi, Hindi

         Passport  : NA

Project details 

Budgeting MIS – (Reliance InfoCom)                            Platform
: JSP/ Servlets / Struts and MySql

Internship project, developed at Luscious Technology, Pune for the
client Reliance Infocom.  

Role: Design and code development.

Duration: 5 months

Description: In this project various reports are generated as per
company plans, for there finance dept. to schedule the budget details
and expenses.

Gas Agency                                                              
                            Platform : VB6 and Oracle 7

This project developed for the BSC project work, developed for client
Harshil Gas Agency, Jalgaon.  

Role: Design and code development

Duration: 3 months

Description: In this project various office automation facilities
provided to convert their manual work to towards computerization. Daily
reports are generated as per needs and requirements, for there vendor as
well as them also.

  HYPERLINK "http://www.panaceamultiservices.com" 
http://www.panaceamultiservices.com                                     
Platform : HTML, ASP, and Dreamviwer

This website is developed at panacea multi services, as company website.

Role: Design and code development

Duration: 1 month

Description: This is the home site of company Panacea Multi Services
Pvt. Ltd. This includes all the company profile and user transaction as
Submission of resumes and feedbacks. The site supports both static and
dynamic pages.

Institute Management                                                    
                       Platform : ASP.Net and Sql server

Practice project, developed personally, for the client as the Training
Institutes to manage their daily work as automation tool.   

Role: Design and code development

Duration: 3 months

Description: In this project various operations and reports are
generated as per daily need. This project works as an office automation
tool. 

Library Management system                                               
               Platform : ASP.Net and Sql Server

This project, developed for library management as an automation tool.

  

Role: Design and code development

Duration: 2 months	

Description: This project works as office automation tool. It supports
the daily ongoing transaction for library as receiving books,
dispatching boos maintaining records and generation of monthly reports.
                                                                       
                                                                        
     Vinod J. Jangle

                                                                   

       

                                                                       
[Signature]

 

