SAMEER RATHORE				             E-mail:   HYPERLINK
"mailto:sameerrathore@indiatimes.com"  sameerrathore@indiatimes.com 

									     HYPERLINK "mailto:sameerrathore@rediffmail.com" 
sameerrathore@rediffmail.com 

                                 	 Mobile: 9867266308 

Career Objective 

To work in challenging and dynamic environment, with the opportunity for
professional growth based on performance, contribute to the growth and
success of the organization I represent and simultaneously keep adding
values to myself by utilizing and strengthening my skills.

Professional Experience

Total experience of 1+ years in IT.

Currently working with VIZUALIZE TECHNOLOGIES, Mumbai from August 2006
till date in for client Reflective Learning, Philadelphia.

Worked with ZEAL TECHNOLOGIES, Gwalior as Java Developer and Trainer
from July 2005 to January 2006, on the below mentioned Projects:

Mobile Based Site for results, developed in JAVA Client -Server
Technology. 

Experience in JAVA projects with Oracle database.

Experience in Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Springs, Oracle, SQLServer.

Handled complete SDLC projects on JAVA with backend Oracle using wide
range of middleware technologies.

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Highly motivated with
strong commitment to quality and customer service.

Operating Systems	Windows 9x/NT, MS-DOS

Software Skills	JAVA, J2EE, Servlet Programming, JSP, JDBC, SQL, PL/SQL,
HTML

Data Bases	Oracle, SQLServer, MySql

Appln/Web Servers	Apache Tomcat Web Server

IDE’s & Tools      	Eclipse, Edit Plus

Advanced Tools     	Ajax, Ant, Velocity, Itext

Frameworks	Springs, Hibernate

                                                                        
 

PROJECT  PROFILE

ETSSMS      (  HYPERLINK http://www.nokia.vizualize.com/etssms 
www.nokia.vizualize.com/etssms ) 

Tools:  	Java, SQL Server, SMS Gateway, Ajax, Ant, Springs and Hibernate

Team Size: 	3

Role:	Java code, Sending and receiving SMS using the API and
implementing the gateway in the API.

            Synopsis:       This application was designed for ETS to
facilitate their process of

notification of declaration of results. The basic aim of this
application is to send the SMS notification to the candidate regarding
the declaration of the result and sending the scores as well by SMS (On
user’s demand).

Reflective Learning   (  HYPERLINK http://www.reflectivelearning.com 
reflectivelearning.vizualize.com /r4power) 

Tools:  	Java, MySQL, Ajax, Ant, Spring, Hibernate and Flash 

Team Size: 	8

Role:               Java, Flash Action Scripting and database
connectivity using

Hibernate, Contributed in designing screens using FLASH, database

connectivity using Hibernate and also a part of database designing

team.

            Synopsis:        This is a web-based application. Basically
aimed at school level 

kids to help them learn the way of living a good social and practical
life and help them overcome their problems by motivating them using some
logical games ,videos, Virtual-mates and a questionnaire as well.

       3. Mobile based site on results 

Tools:  	J2EE, Oracle 9i, Nokia WAP Toolkit 

Team Size: 	5

Role:               Designing screen using HTML, JavaScript and Servlets
coding and   

Database connectivity using JDBC.

            Synopsis:        This is a web based application .In this
application any candidate 

                                    having a valid roll no. can get
his/her result by either using internet  

or by mobile. This application maintains all the entries (viz. Branch,
Subject name & code ,total marks, marks obtained, percentage, final
result) made by the administrator to fulfill the requirements of the
user. 

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Technical Qualification	DAC from Vidyanidhi Info Tech Academy, Mumbai.

M.Sc. (Computer Sciences) from Jiwaji University, Gwalior(M.P.)
(2003-2005)



Educational Qualification	B.Sc. (Computer Sciences) from Jiwaji
University, Gwalior(M.P.) (2000-2003)

 

AISSCE (12TH ) from M.P. Board, Bhopal(M.P.).

AISSE (10TH ) from M.P. Board, Bhopal(M.P.).





PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth	30TH September 1982

Sex	Male

Nationality	Indian

Marital Status	Single

Father’s Name	Shri D.S.Rathore

Mother’s Name	Smt. Kusum Rathore

Permanent Address	A-46,New Shanti Nagar, Gende Wali Sarak, Lashkar,
Gwalior(M.P.) -474001

Present Address	101, Chaddva Avenue, Sector2A, Near Tairena College Bus
Stop, Kopperkhairane, Navi Mumbai – 400709

Passport Details	Applied.

Allied Hobbies	Reading, Watching talk shows, Music, Meeting and
interacting with people, Socializing with friends & family



