Joydeep Chowdhury        

 

Present Address

B-108 Riviera Tower,

Lokhandwala Township, Kandivali(E),

Mumbai-400101

Mobile: 9920217101

e-mail:  chowdhury.joydeep@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

To work in a challenging environment proving myself to be an asset to
the company, that also gives me job satisfaction and opportunities for
self-growth.

PERSONAL SKILLS

I have good verbal and written communication skills. I am involved in
direct communicating with client, capturing and analysis of requirements
and cost estimating.

DATE OF BIRTH:	8th October 1981

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Secondary Exam. from WBBSE in 1998 with 75%

Higher Secondary Exam. from WBCHSE in 2000 with 78.7%

Graduate(B Tech) in Computer Science & Engineering from Haldia Institute
of Technology (Vidyasagar University) in 2004 with     CGPA: 7.25

EXPERIENCE DETAILS: 	Total 2 Years 1 month of Experience

10 MONTHS EXPERIENCE (J2EE TECHNOLOGY) in Srest Information Technology:

I am currently working in Srest Information Technology, Mumbai from 7th
August 2006

  9 MONTHS EXPERIENCE ( J2EE TECHNOLOGY) in PriceWaterHouseCoopers:

I have worked in PriceWaterHouseCoopers in the payroll of TSG 

from 24th Oct, 2005 to 31st July 2006. 

6 MONTHS EXPERIENCE(Java & J2EE) In Future Engineers:

I have worked in Future Engineers from 3rd March, 2005 to 2nd September,
2005

IT EXPOSURE

Operating Systems 		: Windows 9x/xp, Linux

Programming Languages 		: JAVA, J2EE(JSP, Servlets), Struts, JSF, SQL

Designing  				: HTML, JavaScript 

RDBMS  				: Oracle 9i, MYSQL 4.1

Application Server 			: Weblogic 8.x, Tomcat

Front End Tools 			: Eclipse, J-Developer, Microsoft FrontPage

Configuration Management	: VSS

Reporting Tool			: Jasper Report

PROJECT DETAILS:

Project in SRest Information Technology. 

Project Name:	Online CRM(Customer Relationship Management) Sales
Software

Description:	It is a complete online sales CRM (Customer Relationship
Management), helping in leveraging business. With this software, a
company can create and manage its customers records and prospects
details more effectively with end-to-end result oriented features like: 

Sales Records

Contact Details

Prospects & Customers Profile

Products and Services Details

Customized Reporting and Analysis

Team Records with Sales Figures 

Calendar, meeting and Task management

Export/Import of all the Data to/from excel files

Email feature

Reminder for nearby upcoming meetings, tasks and follow-up dates

Software platform:	Front-end: JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Java Beans 

Back-end:		MySql 4.1

Position:			Team member

Client:		Marketing strokes, Delhi

Project Name:             Consignment Tracking and Reminder System

Description:	The client has a business like broker. They take order of
various goods from dealer and pass it to the manufacturer and ship the
goods to the dealer after manufacturer delivers. This is tracking
software that keeps track of all order information and about the dealer,
all transaction dates and amounts. It also reminds the important dates
coming nearby and all pending tasks.

Software platform:		Front-end:	JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Java Beans

Back-end: 	MySql 4.1

Position:                       	Team member

      Client:			True Tex Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai

Project Name:		SRest Mail(Email Client)

Description: 	This is an in-house project for this company. It has all
the features an email client should have, like sending mail with
attachment, receiving mail, sent mail, draft, trash etc.

Software platform:	JSF (JavaServer Faces), Java Beans 

Position:                       Team member

Project in PWC

Project Name:	 UNDP Tsunami Relief and Recovery Tracking System

Description:	This is an online system that keeps track on all the relief
and recovery activity that has been taken or to be taken in the
situation caused by Tsunami. This is a solution to manage and distribute
the workload of all activity.

Software platform:	Front-end: JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Java Beans

Back-end: Oracle9i

Position:	                  Team member

Client:                       Tamilnadu Government

URL:                         http://www.tndms.gov.in/TsunamiUNDP

Project in FutureEngineers

Project Name:	Online Shopping System - Bidding Module

Description:	An Online Bidding System is software that automates
purchasing and requisitioning activities by Bidding and trading. This is
a solution to manage the scheduling processes online for seller and
buyer.

Software platform:	Front-end: J2EE Technology (JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Java
Beans)

Back-end: Oracle8i

      Client:                       www.indiaebazar.com.

PERSONAL DETAILS :

	Name  		: Joydeep Chowdhury

Age 			: 24 years

Sex			: Male.

Marital Status	: Single

Permanent Address   : North Pratap Bagan

		               P.O. & Dist.- Bankura

		               PIN- 722101

                                    West Bengal, India.

Contact Number	: 09920217101

Language Known	: English, Bengali and Hindi.

OTHER ACTIVITIES AND HOBBIES: Playing cricket, Listening music,
Traveling

                            				 

Joydeep Chowdhury

