Uday Chandra

Experience Summary

Uday has 2 years of experience in Information Technology. As part of his
assignments, he has been involved in analysis, design, development and
testing in the retail banking domain. He has worked on projects for
clients such as Barclays (South Africa), Ta-Chong Bank (Taiwan), Aozora
Bank(Japan) among others. He has worked for i-flex Solutions Limited in
his career in Information Technology.

Extensive experience in analysis, coding and testing. 

Intensive technical experience in Java, EJB, Websphere Application
Server, Oracle Application Server, TIBCO EMS, PL/SQl, Hiberante etc.

Experience in utilities such as Websphere Application Developer 5.3,
Oracle JDeveloper10.1.3, SQL Navigator (3.0-5.0), Eclipse 3.0.1, XML Spy
etc.

Education 

Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering from Institute of Technology
– Banaras Hindu University (ITBHU), India. DGPA – 7.53

Sun Certified Programmer for the Java 2 Platform, Standard Edition 1.4.



Technical Skills

Java Skills	Core Java, EJB2.1, JNDI, JDBC, JMS, Multi-Threading

Web Technologies	XML/XSD/XSL, SOAP/WSDL, Apache Axis

Application Server	Websphere Application server 5.3, Oracle Application
server 10.1.3,

Oracle SOA Suite 10.1.3

Database	SQL, PL/SQL

Other technical skills	Hibernate(2.0, 3.0), WebSphere MQ(5.3),TIBCO
EMS(4.4), Flexcube retail

Third part open source tools	log4j, Ant

Tools	Websphere Application Developer 5.3. SQL Navigator (3.0-5.0),
Eclipse 3.0.1, XML Spy, JDeveloper 10.1.3.



Personal Details

Phone Number	+91-20-40056245	Mobile	+91-932-381-5307

Email Id	  HYPERLINK "mailto:udayp.chandra@gmail.com" 
udayp.chandra@gmail.com 

Address	Flat No.11, Tulsi Vihar,  Gaikwad Nagar,

Aundh, Pune- 411007



Work Experience

ProjectNeo.  

Duration	April 2007—till Date.

Technology	Web Services(SOAP, WSDL), XML/XSLT, Flexcube API, Oracle SOA
Suite, JDeveloper

Abstract	ProjectNeo is targeting next generation of retail and corporate
banking. It will use oracle AIA framework. As part of the Oracle
Application Integration Architecture, Oracle is delivering pre-built
integrations across Oracle ERP, CRM and industry applications using a
common object model and an open, Business Process Execution Language
(BPEL) based platform.

Role	Analyzed existing Flexcube API.

Requirement study for the system.

Creating work flow.



Aozora Bank, Japan.  

Duration	February 2007-- April 2007.

Technology	EJB (Message Driven Beans), Oracle Application Server 10gR3,
JDeveloper, TIBCO EMS.

Abstract	Existing Flexcube Retail framework uses Websphere MQ as
middleware for online, reports and batch transactions. The client Aozora
Bank, Japan wanted to use TIBCO EMS as middleware, so changes were
required in existing framework for various types of transactions. 

Role	Analyzed existing middleware framework and changes needed thereof.

Created Script to make queues and factories for TIBCO EMS.

Changes done in various EJB (message driven beans) modules for the same.

Unit testing done after deploying all the modules on Oracle Application
server.

Worked on the project single handedly.



Development and implementation of GEFU++ (Generic external file utility)
module for i-Flex Solutions Ltd.  

Duration	February 2006-- January 2007.

Technology	Core java, EJB, Hibernate, XML, WSDL, PL/SQL, WebSphere
Application Developer, Webshpere Application Server.

Abstract	Working on GEFU (Generic external file utility), which is used
for interfacing with different systems. All legacy systems will give
data in specific format which is provided by FCR-GEFU. After uploading
the same in FCR, system will process the same file in ONLINE mode. GEFU
has that facility to generate the report or extract in specified format
for the given file.

Role	Preparing design specification from requirement specification
received from site.

Analysis of and fixing production issues for TCB (Taiwan).

Unit testing new changes from backend as well as front-end.

Providing end-to-end delivery for new client implementation. Worked for
Yes-Bank new client implementations simultaneously and single-handedly. 

Bring process and functionality improvement by enhancing and/or
modifying existing system.

Providing Knowledge Transition to new joinees.



FLEXCUBE Payment Module Development at Mumbai, India for I-Flex
Solutions Ltd.  

Duration	June 2005 to February 2006.

Technology	Core java, XML, WSDL, PL/SQL, WebSphere Application
Developer, Webshpere Application Server.

Abstract	Payment module is used for inter bank transactions. It requires
defining network for the banks, maintaining calendar across banks,
defining various products, identifying various channels through which
banks can receive messages. It involves intercepting bulk messages and
does accounting operations. Allow funds transfer electronically using
channels like SWIFT, BHATNET etc.

Role	Analysis of and fixing production issues for Barclays (South
Africa).

Unit testing new changes from backend as well as front-end.

Providing Knowledge Transition to other team members.



	Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  3 	Dated: May, 2007



