Allwyn P Panchwatikar

Mobile: (0)-9423410771

Email:   HYPERLINK
"/cgi-bin/HoTMaiL?curmbox=F000000001&a=363459932db8808a5699f3313d24e135"
 allwynplanet@yahoo.com 

Objective: 

To work in a creative and challenging environment using cutting edge
technologies where I could constantly learn and deliver solutions to
problems.

Professional Summary:

1.11 Year of development experience in Core Java, JSP, JDBC, Servlets,
Java Beans, Java Script, HTML, WebLogic 8.1, TomCat 5.5 and Oracle 8i.

Knowledge of entire Software Development Life Cycle.

Good Domain Knowledge of Banking and Linkcell.

Flexibility to work with new technologies.

Ability to work in-group as well as independently with minimal
supervision.

Maintain a positive attitude in the face of changes in work assignments
or conditions.

Basic Exposure to EJB 2.0.

Good knowledge of MVC Architecture Struts and Java design pattern.

      

Professional Experience:

Virtual Galaxy Pvt Ltd, Nagpur

Position Held						        				: Software Engineer

Duration                  : 1 Dec 2005 - Till Date.

Western Digital Technology (WDT), Nagpur

Position Held						        				: Software Engineer

Duration                  : 06 Jun 2005 - 25 Nov 2005.

Academic Details:

Graduation B.E Computer Engineering from Nagpur University with 60.05%
(2001-2005).

HSC from Maharashtra Board with 65.83% (1999-2001).

SSC from Central Board of Secondary Education with 53.0% (1998-1999).

Technical Skills: 

Languages																																						: Core Java, J2EE 

Server																																																																		
	: WebLogic 6.1, 8.1, Tomcat 5.5, 5.0

RDBMS																																																										: Oracle
8i Pl/SQL

Internet																																																						 					:
HTML/DHTML, Java Script

IDE           																																									: JBuilder 2.4.1,
Eclipse 3.2, Dreamweaver MX 2004

Frame Work															  								:										Struts and Design patterns

PROJECT PROFILE 

Organization: Virtual Galaxy Pvt. Ltd., Nagpur (  HYPERLINK
"http://www.vgipl.com"  http://www.vgipl.com )

Project #1: Web-based Linkcell Manager 

                   Team Size               	: 4

                   Platform                   	: Java 1.4, JDBC,
Servlets, JSP , EJB  & Oracle 8i

                   OS	: Windows 2000

                   Server	: Weblogic 8.1

                   Duration	: Feb 2007 – Till Date 



Description:

Web-based Linkcell manager is a robust fund collection and disbursement
system. Its integrated solutions help banks to handle government
business transactions, for various government fund schemes, such as
taxes (CBDT, CBEC, SCSS), bonds, pension schemes and public provident
fund. 

Role:	

Software Coding.

Code Review and Maintenance.

Deployment of J2EE applications in Weblogic 8.1 environment.

Project #2: Core Banking System (CBS)

                   Client  	: Vidharbha Premium Co-operative Society,
Nagpur

                   Team Size               	: 12

                   Platform                   	: Java 1.4, JDBC,
Servlets, JSP, EJB, XML & Oracle 8i

                   OS	: Windows 2000

                   Server	: Weblogic 8.1

                   Duration	: Mar 2006  - Jan 2007



Description: 

CBS is a banking automation project. This project follows the bank frame
architecture in such a fashion that the customers are able to offer
his/her users maximum flexibility, availability and reliability. The
competitive nature of our world today requires that we manage all
aspects of the business. To provide clients with strategic solutions
that offer competitive advantages resulting in quick paybacks,
improvements in long-term costs and excellent customer services. This
project also involves in online transaction from anywhere of its
branches or other branches.

																																																																								
																																																																								
																																					Presentation layer displays the
requested information in HTML to end-users. Business logic is taken care
by EJB.

Role:	

Software Coding.

Code Review and Maintenance.

Deployment of J2EE applications in WebLogic 8.1 environment.

Project #3: Skill Viewer

                   Client  	: Green City Consultancy, Nagpur

                   Team Size 	: 4

                   Platform                   	: Java 1.4, JDBC,
Servlets, JSP & Oracle 8i

                   OS	: Windows 2000

                   Server	: Tomcat 5.5

                   Duration	: 2 months 



Description:

Skill-viewer is designed for job Consultancy Company. It is totally
web-based portal. It provides user the precise tools to create their
clients in terms of job aspirants, and many search engines to short list
the candidate in reference of client Company’s requirement. It has
many reports, which take care of customer-required data.

Role:	

Software Coding.

Code Review and Maintenance.

Deployment of J2EE applications in Tomcat 5.5 environment.

Organization: Western Digital Technology (WDT), Nagpur

Project#1: Computer Based Tutorial & Examination System  (CBTES)

                   Team Size               	: 6

                   Platform                   	: Java 1.4, JDBC,
Servlets, JSP & Oracle 8i 

                   OS	: Windows

                   Server	: Tomcat 5.0

                   Duration	: 6 months (June 2005 To November 2005)



Description: 

The main objective of this project is Online Tutorial and Examination
system. It has three modules as: -

1. Tutorial Section:

This section modules total based on tutorials of different trades of
degree & master degree level.                       

The student & guest can see, download & print tutorial and student can
get modular wise or semester wise tutorial.

Format of tutorial may be in HTML & PDF.

Content search can be possible.

Registration for student can be possible.

2. Examination Section:

This section module is online and consists of Demo test, Module-End test
& Final test.

Student & guest can use demo test.

Student can use module-End test & Final test.

In these section Question generation done by admin or faculty.

Graph can be available to any three tests for student but Demo test for
guest.

Role:	

Software Coding.

Reference:   

                 Nishant Murhekar :  Team Leader , 09822059101 ,  
HYPERLINK "mailto:nishmur@rediffmail.com"  nishmur@rediffmail.com 

                 Mangesh Dhore    :  Software Engineer, 09881512501,  
HYPERLINK "mailto:man_softin007@yahoo.com"  man_softin007@yahoo.com 

Personal Profile:

Name                      : Allwyn P Panchwatikar	

Mobile                     : 09423410771

Date of Birth 	        													: 25 March 1984

Nationality 	         																						: Indian

Sex 		         																																									: Male

Marital Status         				: Single

Address 																																																																
								: R-21 Ramniwas Reshimbag Nagpur 440009.

Place : Nagpur	                                                         
                              (Allwyn P Panchwatikar)

