 

 

 

 



Tushar Chawake

Mumbai 

Email:   HYPERLINK "mailto:tschawake@gmail.com" \o
"mailto:tschawake@gmail.com"  tschawake@gmail.com 

Phone: Not specified

Mobile: 91-9820805880

Current Location: Mumbai

 

 



Date of Birth  19 Jul 1984

Gender  Male

Nationality  India 

 

 



Work experience

1 year 

Skills

c,cpp,java,sql,unix,tandem

Industry

IT/ Computers - Software

Category

Software, Hardware, EDP

Roles

Software Engineer/ Programmer

Current Annual Salary

1.50 lacs per annum

Highest Degree Held

B.E/B.Tech Computers Amaravati University

2nd Highest Degree Held

Class 12 Any Amaravati University

Preferred Job Location

Anywhere

 

 



Skill Name

Last Used

Skill Level

Experience

C

Apr 2007

Intermediate

12 months

C++

Apr 2007

Intermediate

12 months

SQL Server

Apr 2007

Intermediate

12 months

Unix

Apr 2007

Intermediate

12 months

Tandem

Apr 2007

Intermediate

12 months

 

 



Banking/ Financial Services

 

 





RESUME 

Name: Tushar S. Chawake Address: Angarika Apt (C-2/4-2/4) 

Contact: 9820805880 Sector-4, 

Email:
tschawake@gmail.com嘠獡楨‬不睥䴠浵慢⹩ഠ䌍剁䕅⁒䉏䕊
呃噉⁅名⁯灡汰⁹祭攠楸瑳湩⁧歳汩獬愠摮琠⁯敬牡⁮
敮⁷歳汩獬琠⁯硥散⁬湩琠敨映敩摬漠⁦呉愠摮琠⁯摡
⁤慶畬⁥潴琠敨漠杲湡穩瑡潩⁮桴潲杵⁨楳据牥瑩ⱹ栠
牡⁤潷歲愠摮搠摥捩瑡潩⁮䔍偘剅䕉䍎⁅啓䵍剁⁙

  Around one years of experience in managing and developing BOLT (BSE
Online Trading) system 

  Functional experience in Capital Market functions 

  Business Continuity Planning 

FUNCTIONAL / DOMAIN KNOWLEDGE 

  Financial and Security Market 

  Stock Exchange Operations 

EDUCATION 

Qualification 

University /College 

Year of Passing 

Marks 

BE Computers 

College of engineering Badnera, 

Amravati University 

2005 

66.07% 

H.S.C 

Ramakrishna Junior College, Amravati 

Maharashtra State board 

2001 

69.66 % 

S.S.C. 

Vikas vidhyalaya, Veni (G) 

Maharsahtra State board 

1999 

66.26 % 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Operating Systems: HP-Tandem Guardian O.S. (Non-Stop Kernel), 

UNIX (HP-UX), Linux. 

Databases: Tandem (Non stop SQL), SQL MP, Oracle 8i 

Languages: C with embedded SQL, C++, Java 

Tandem Utilities: TACL, FUP, Pathway, batchcom 

Unix Utilities: RCS, SCCS. 

Debugging Tools: Inspect, Rund 

Others: HTML. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Presently working with CMC Limited, Mumbai in SI (System Integration)
SBU 

Around 1 year experience in Client Server environment working on
technologies like Tandem & C Worked on BOLT (BSE Online Trading) system
project at BSE (India) 

I 

PROJECT TITLE 

BOLT (BSE Online Trading System) 

INDUSTRY 

Securities and Stock Exchange 

CLIENT 

Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE Limited) 

DURATION 

June 2006 - Till Date 

ROLE 

Team Member. 

PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS 

  Hardware: HP-Tandem Himalaya S Series Non-stop server. 

  O/S: Guardian O.S. (Pathway environment) 

  Programming Language: C with embedded SQL (Native mode compilation)


  Database: Non stop SQL of TANDEM 

  Tandem Utilites: FUP, TACL, Batchcom, Pathcom 

LOCATION 

Mumbai 

DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT 

BOLT is a screen based ONLINE trading system developed for BSE. This
system is designed to bring transparency in trading system and to get
rid of drudgery of cry out method of trading. This project is divided
into many modules like Trading and customer support, 6a7a and other
related modules End of the day operations, Auctions. These modules are
again divided in various sub modules. This is OLTP system. Back-end
software is developed on Tandem using mainly C (with embedded SQL) on
PATHWAY environment. And made good use of tandem utilities like
BATCHCOM. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 

  Requirement Analysis 

  Impact Analysis of new requirements 

  Design 

  Development 

  Testing and Migration 

  Documentation related to all the migrations done on the QA and LIVE
environment 

  Continuous Customer Support and Database Administration 

  Migration to 2 systems from single system 

II 

PROJECT TITLE 

DRS (Disaster Recovery System) 

INDUSTRY 

Securities And Stock Exchange 

CLIENT 

Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE Limited) 

ROLE 

Team Member. 

PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS 

  O/S: Tandem (Non Stop Kernel), Unix, 

  Language: C with embedded SQL, 

  Database: Non stop SQL of TANDEM 

LOCATION 

Mumbai 

DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT 

The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. (BSE's) Business Continuity Plan was
designed to reduce the risk to an acceptable level by ensuring the
restoration of critical Processing and all essential production within
acceptable time lag of outage. 

The main function of Disaster Recovery Plan is to identify the critical
functions of the exchange and the resources required to support them.
BSE conducts Mock-Trading at regular basis to ensure that their Disaster
Recovery System (DRS) is in sync with Live System. 

&

'

(

u

v

w

x

y

z

{

|

É

Ê

Ë

Ì

Í

Î

Ï

Ð

y

y

z

{

Í

Î

Ï

Ï

Ð

ԀÐ

Ý

ë

ñ

ø

'

(

)

*

+

,

-

.

=

>

E

F

G

M

N

h

i

j

r

s

‹

Œ

•

–



®

¯

´

+

+

,

-

.

>

F

F

G

N

i

j

Ѐj

s

Œ

–

®

䬀ĤԀ®

¯

µ

Ó

Ô

Ѐ´

µ

Ò

Ó

Ô

é

ê

ý

þ

ÿ

ᘆ全婐㤀Ô

ê

þ

ÿ

kd

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

r

†

To check performance of their Disaster Recovery System, BSE and NSE
conducted Live Trading from DRS site. 

RESPONSIBILITIES 

  To ensure database is in sync at both production and DRS site. 

  To populate various parameter files at DRS site. 

  To check live system after whole trading session for database
consistency and application integrity. 

  Plan and execute routine maintenance to minimize risk and
application downtime. 

  Develop and document repeatable operational procedures. 

  Scripting for database monitoring and to automate routine tasks 

  Trouble shooting production problems and working with other team
members to identify 

and address problems. 

Project Details 

BE Project 

  Secure Banking using SSL. 

Technologies used: 

2000-server 

Languages : java 

Database : SQL Server-2000 

Server used : Jakarta-Tomcat 

Protocols : HTTPS, SSL 

The main objective of this project was to develop secure system for
banking. Communication protocol used was secure socket layer (SSL),
which creates the secure connection between client and server using
encryption and decryption techniques. The unauthorized and malicious
user attacks are overcome by authentication of client and server using
Certificate Authorities (CA's) certificate. 

PERSONAL PROFILE 

Date of Birth: 19th July 1984 

Sex: Male 

Marital Status: Single 

Nationality: Indian 

Language Proficiency: English, Marathi and Hindi 





