RITESH TOTLANI

Professional Summary

            Having over 2 yrs. and 4 month of IT experience in
Requirement Gathering, Analysis, design, development, testing and final
implementation of Application systems in web technology.

Technical Highlights

Operating Systems: Windows 98, Windows 2000 professional and WinNT
Server4

Languages: ASP.NET ,C#.NET and VB.NET  

Technologies: HTML, JavaScript

RDBMS: SQL Server 2005

Educational Qualification

B.E. (Mechanical) from Hitkarini College of Engineering and Technology,
Jabalpur (M.P.) with 65% [07/ 98- 06/02].

Higher Secondary From C.C.B.S.S. School Jabalpur (M.P.) with 61.5%.
[97-98]

High School From C.C.B.S.S. School Jabalpur (M.P.) with 59.8%. [95-96]

Work Experience

ORION System Integrators, Mumbai( 11 th Dec – Till Date)

PROJECT 1: Vector 2007

Work Location: Mumbai, India

Client: K.P.M.G. ,U.S.A.

Synopsis: K.P.M.G. is a Financial Company dealing with the Auditing of
various firm across the globe. This particular Software is for there
Auditing team to manage there documents and store there Data.

Role: As a Software Engineer I was responsible for: - 

Gathering the requirements from the client.

Deciding on the various components and the architecture 

Participating in the design viz. making use cases, class diagrams,
sequence diagrams etc.

Participating in formalizing the test cases and performing Unit and
Integration testing of the system

Team Size: 10

Environment: ASP.Net, SQL Server-2005 ,XML Parsing ,Window Server

Capsilon  Financial Systems Group , Pune(26th Oct 2004-10th Dec. 2006)

PROJECT 1: Development of the Site   HYPERLINK
"http://www.sunhomesgalway.com/"  http://www.sunhomesgalway.com/ 

Work Location: Pune, India

Client: SunHome Galway,U.K.

Synopsis: SunHome Galway is a web-based company, which sells Foreign
Properties.

Role: As a Software Engineer I was responsible for: - 

Gathering the requirements from the client.

Deciding on the various components and the architecture 

Participating in the design viz. making use cases, class diagrams,
sequence diagrams etc.

Participating in formalizing the test cases and performing Unit and
Integration testing of the system

Team Size: 4

Environment: ASP.Net ,HTML,SQL Server-2005,XML Parsing ,Window Server

PROJECT 2: Development of the Site   HYPERLINK
"http://www.smilechild.co.uk"  http://www.smilechild.co.uk 

Work Location: Pune, India

Client:U.K. Firms,

Synopsis: This site is for shopping cart for various articles for the
Kids. This includes shopping such as Kids wear, footwear, toys etc.

Role: As a Software Engineer I was responsible for: - 

Gathering the requirements from the client.

Deciding on the various components and the architecture 

Participating in the design viz. making use cases, class diagrams,
sequence diagrams etc.

Participating in formalizing the test cases and performing Unit and
Integration testing of the system

Team Size: 4

Environment: ASP.Net ,HTML,SQL Server-2005, Window Server

PROJECT 3: Development of the Site   HYPERLINK
"http://www.wsi-seo.co.uk"  http://www.wsi-seo.co.uk 

Work Location: Pune, India

Client:Foretel,U.K.

Synopsis:Foretel is the U.K.’s fastest growing specialist employee
research consultancy and has devloped a unique combination of employee
research,consultancy  and supporting technology.

Role: As a Software Engineer I was responsible for: - 

Gathering the requirements from the client.

Deciding on the various components and the architecture 

Participating in the design viz. making use cases, class diagrams,
sequence diagrams etc.

Participating in formalizing the test cases and performing Unit and
Integration testing of the system

Team Size: 4

Environment: ASP.Net ,HTML,SQL Server-2000, Window Server

PROJECT 4: Development of the Site   HYPERLINK
"http://www.statusproperties.esus.co.uk" 
http://www.statusproperties.esus.co.uk 

Work Location: Pune, India

Client:Mortgage Agents,U.K.

Synopsis:This site is devloped for Mortgage Agents in the U.K.This site
is used for providing Loan Application,provides facility for buying and
selling of Real Estate.

Role: As a Software Engineer I was responsible for: - 

Gathering the requirements from the client.

Deciding on the various components and the architecture 

Participating in the design viz. making use cases, class diagrams,
sequence diagrams etc.

Participating in formalizing the test cases and performing Unit and
Integration testing of the system

Team Size: 6

Environment: ASP.Net ,HTML,SQL Server-2000, Window Server

Personal

Sex			:	Male

Marital Status			:	Married.

Correspondence Address                :	901,Park Side- 1, Raheja Estate,

Kulupwadi, Borivali (E), Mumbai

Contact nos.			 : 	(91) 9819472884.

Nationality			 :	Indian.

