Resume

			

Mr. Anand R. Brahme			        Contact No:-95251-2525930 - 9860256176

Barrack No.1397, Room No-1	                   
Email:-anandr_b@rediffmail.com    

Section-32						       anand.brahme@gmail.com

Ulhasnagar-421004

------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------

Objective:   To seek a long term career in Software development through
creative contribution in all areas of work in the organization,
providing flexibility of growth and opportunities for maximum
utilization of my potentials.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------

Summary:   Has been professionally working on Visual Studio 2005, in
that using VB.Net, ASP.Net,AJAX, ASP,Vb 6 with SQL Server to developed
the business application and prior to that working on Visual
Basic(6),oracle/sql server and various commercial tools on Windows
platforms. Comfortable with development of any commercial software
Application

	 As well as good Domain knowledge of Accounts from 6+ year prior to
professional working

------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

Academic Record:

MCA            IGNOU 2005 59.22%

M.Com         Pune University –2000    50%

B.Com	           Mumbai University-1997 P 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

Skill Set:

Microsoft Tech: .Net Platform 2.0 Visual Studio 2005 (VB.Net, Asp.Net),
ASP, VB (6),AJAX

System: Windows, Linux,

Languages: Visual Basic 6, SQL, PL/SQL,

Tools: Visual Basic ,Ms Office,VB Scripts

Databases: ORACLE, MS SQL 2000/7, MS-Access

Professional Experience:

Company: Leegan Softwares

v	Designation: S/W Eng.

	Period: Augt, 2004 till date	

v	Description: It has mainly engaged in different  diversification like
Automation       Softwares,Commericial Softwares  in different areas
like serives industires,Mfg Industires,Chartered firms,

		   

v	Environment: .Net Platform 2.0(VB.NET/ASP.NET),ASP,VBSCRIPTS,Vb6, SQL

v	Role: My role is i am  team member and engaged  in developing the 
software and execution of the software

Ø	Reply Services, online Job fair, Payroll, CVMangement, Accounting

v	Responsibility: My responsibility in this project to develop the
project from             scratch like  Design table structures in
Database, Designing the Applications

Coding of the Applications, Testing the software on different platforms,
Actual Implementation of Application on the Client side 

	

Company: Miaect Pvt Ltd.

v	Designation: S/W Developer

	Period: Feb, 2004 to july,2004	

v	Description: An ISO 9001-2000 IT Company from past 15 years. It has
various branches to all over India like Madras, Delhi, Karala,
Coimbatore.Also Company engaged in development of Commercial software,
Potlates, E-Commerce, Domain Server and Web Hosting Services.

v	Environment: Visual Basic 6/.Net, Sql

v	Role: I am a team member and engaged  in developing the commercial
software

Ø	Hotel Management Systems

v	Responsibility: My responsibility in this project to develop an
accounting module in that coding, designing, data entry screen. Design
table structures in Database, Testing of the system and integrated with
main project.

Functional Experience:

Company: Super Bond Adhesives Pvt Ltd

v	Designation: Sr. Accountant 

v	Period : Jan,2000 to Jan,2004

v	Description:       This Company is developing company in the field of
adhesives and binder manufacturing company. Their products are wide
Variety of adhesives material which are mainly to supply the Govt.
Bodies like Railway department, Private Companies.

v	Responsibility : Generation MIS Reports, Cash Flow,Reconcilation Party
Accounts Maintain of Assets Register, Monthly Sales Tax and Assessment
of Sales Tax, Ratio Analysis.Correspondance with Bank. Finalization of
Balance Sheet and handle the petty Cash. Coordination with the External
auditor from time to time.

Company: JMJ Shares Pvt Ltd.

v	Designation: Accountant

v	Period: June,1997 to December,1999

v	Description:     Company  dealed in shares and investment. It is sub
Broking Company. Company has its own bolt operate and coordination with
broker.

v	Responsibility:  MIS Report, TDS Matters, Corrpondance With Bank,
Payroll, Payments to Customers and recovery.Demat of scripts. and other
daily accounting work

------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

Personal Information:

Date of Birth: 16th March, 1975

Father’s Name: Ramesh V.Brahme

Nationality: Indian

Languages Known: Marathi, Hindi, and English

Hobbies: Music, Reading 

Martial Status: Married

Passport No: Applied ForG3253026 Expery Date:24/04/2017

