Anand Kumar Singh

Tata Consultancy Services

Email: anand415@rediffmail.com,

Phone: 9820972708, 022-27574714

Experience Summary 

2 Years of design, development & implementation of Software.

1 Year of RCP based Framework Design experience.

Extensive experience with Core Java related technologies.

An enthusiastic and energetic professional who leads by example.

Good team player, Good Inter Personal Skills, Able to work under
pressure and high   adaptability

Highly motivated individual who works well independently or in
collaboration with a team.

Technology

Below is a list of important hardware, software products, tools and
languages that I have worked on in the past.

Software Products/Tools	Languages

Eclipse 3.1.X,

 Assent,

Innovator

Subversion,

Code Pro,

Netbeans,

Enerjy Code Analyser,

 EditPlus,

AmaterasUML,

 Adobe Framemaker,

 Rational Rose,

 Visual Source Safe,

 JIndent,

 MySql,

DB2,

 VI Editor,

 Borland C,

 Fluid,

FLTK,

 Apache,

Sfront,

 MPEG4-SA,

SQL,

 POSIX Thread Library,

Microsoft Office	Core Java,

AWT-Swings,

J2EE,

Eclipse RCP,

SWT,

JFace,

UML,

PL/SQL,

JavaScript,

HTML,

 SAOL,

 SASL,

C

C++



Qualifications

Degree and Date of Passing	Institute	Marks	Major and Specialization

Bachelor of Engineering,

July-2005	Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute	69.5%	Information
Technology

HSC

Mar-2001	Swami Vivekananda Junior College	91.67%	Science with Electrical
Maintenance as Vocational subject.

Maharashtra State Board.

SSC

Mar-1999	PES Central School

CBSE	85.8%	CBSE Board



Assignments

The details of the various assignments that I have handled are listed
here, in chronological order.

Project Title	

IPDC system 



Description	At present Daimler Chrysler have three main operating units
for its Commercial Vehicle Department. Those are Mercedes Benz
(Stuttgart, Germany), Fuso (Tokyo, Japan) and Freightliner (Portland,
USA). All the operating units are having their own product documentation
systems and are operating independently. Goal of this project is to
integrate all the operating units across the Globe and design a common
system for them so that data can be shared with each other during
product documentation.

Role	Client Tier Framework Designer

Period	April 2006 –  till Date

Responsibilities	Designing and developing framework components.

Writing technical design document.

Conducting Analysis and Design for the client requirements.

Coding and Testing.



Solution Environment	Hardware                 - Intel

Operating System   -  Windows  XP 

Application               - Eclipse RCP.Java/J2EE

Tools	Eclipse 3.1.1  (for developing Code)

Assent (for reviewing Java Coding Standards) 

Enerjy  (for reviewing Java Coding Standards) 

Innovator (for UML modelling)

Subversion (for configuration management)

Code Pro (for Metrics checking)

Test Director (for defect management)

QTP (for regression testing)



Project Title	DBAG- Xetra Superman Re Engineering Project

Description	Xetra trading system is used for trading on equity and
bonds. Xetra Market Supervision users mange their task by using the
Galaxy based Market Supervision GUI called Superman. Superman GUI is
implemented on C++ based development environment. The scope of this
project includes understanding the current Superman Functionalities and
validations and migrating the functionalities and validations to JETS
GUI, which has been designed and built as a pure Java application. The
JETS architecture is based on an open architecture, combining the
flexibility for future extensions with a sophisticated security concept.
The JETS GUI will cover the complete Xetra Market Supervision
functionality.

Solution Environment	Hardware              - Intel

Operating System –Windows 2000, XP 

Application             - Java Swing, JDK 1.5

Tools	MS-VSS (for Version Control)

Eclipse 3.1 (for developing Code)

Assent (for reviewing Java Coding Standards) 

Adobe Framemaker (for preparing documents)

JIndent (for code indentation)

Period	September 2005 – February 2006

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Development of Reusable Components in the existing
framework.

Development of application components.

Writing Technical design document and test specifications.

Performing Testing of Self made Screens and other members Screens.

Backup Maintenance.



Projects Undertaken at Undergraduate Level:

Project Title	GUI Based Interaction with Music Synthesizer.

Description	This project dealt with building a GUI for the upcoming MP4-
Structured Audio Technology and providing a run-time interaction. FLTK
is used to provide GUI support for real interaction with this
technology. This project was performed under the guidance of Prof.
Paritosh Pandya at TIFR (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research) and
Prof. Kavi Arya at IIT (Indian Institute of Technology), Mumbai as a
final year group project.

Role	Team Member.

Responsibilities	Exploring technology and Coding of application.

Solution Environment	Red Hat Linux 9.0

C++

Tools	SAOL( Structured Audio Orchestra language )

SASL( Structured Audio Sequence language )

Sfront( Compiler for MPEG-4 SA )

FLTK( GUI Toolkit for C++ )

Fluid( GUI IDE for FLTK )

POSIX Thread Library.



Project Title	Development of Intranet Website for managing issues raised
in the Legislative assembly.

Description	The project dealt with creating a web based application for
tracking the status of Questions asked by the MLAs and MLCs of the
Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly. Database used was DB2 with
PHP as server side scripting language on Linux OS. This project was
undertaken as a voluntary

Summer project (June -2004 to Aug – 2004).

Role	Team Member.

Responsibilities	Exploring technology and Coding of application.

Solution Environment	OS: Linux

Web Server: Apache

Database: DB2

Clint Side Scripting : Java Script 

Server Side Scripting : PHP

Tools	Flash 5.0

WinScp



Key Competencies & Skills 

My Competency Profile includes the following

		

Skill	Proficiency (E0 to E4) 

Changeman Dimensions	3 - E2 - Experience

Eclipse IDE	3 - E2 - Experience

English Reading skills: non-native Anglophone	3 - E2 - Experience

English Writing skills: non-native Anglophone	3 - E2 - Experience

Assent	3 - E2 - Experience

VSS	3 - E2 - Experience

English Listening/Speaking skills: non-native Anglophone	3 - E2 -
Experience

Analytical Ability	2 - L2 - Proficient

JAVA	2 - E1 - Exposure

Visio	2 - E1 - Exposure

C++	2 - E1 - Exposure

ERwin	2 - E1 - Exposure

Junit	2 - E1 - Exposure

PVCS	2 - E1 - Exposure

C	2 - E1 - Exposure

IBM Rational Rose	2 - E1 - Exposure

PHP	2 - E1 - Exposure

PL/SQL	2 - E1 - Exposure

Communication	1 - L1 - Novice

Team Skill	1 - L1 - Novice

Continual Learning	1 - L1 - Novice

IBM Rational XDE for Java	1 - E0 - Elementary

Assembler	1 - E0 - Elementary

CVS	1 - E0 - Elementary

Mercury TestDirector	1 - E0 - Elementary

Testify	1 - E0 - Elementary

MQ Workflow	1 - E0 - Elementary



Career Profile

Dates	Organization	Role

01 August 2005	Tata Consultancy Services	Team Member



Training / Continuing Education Summary 

Program or Course	Coverage	Result	Dates	Grade

Initial Learning Program at Trivandrum	Software Engineering, German,
Java, Personal etiquettes and grooming.	Successful

	01-AUG-2005	4

iSecurity Quiz (Archived)	TCS Security quiz	Successful	7/10/2006	100

Java-1 Assessment - E2	BrainBench Tests	Successful	4/3/2007	3.95

Java 2 - Assessment - E2	BrainBench Tests	Successful	4/3/2007	3.43

Java 2 Fundamentals  - Assessment - E2	BrainBench Tests	Successful
5/27/2006	3.71

Java 2 Fundamentals   -  Assessment - E3	BrainBench Tests	Successful
4/9/2007	4.01

Math Fundamentals  - Assessment - E2	BrainBench Tests	Successful
5/31/2006	4.1

Programmer/Analyst Aptitude Assessment - Assessment - E2	BrainBench
Tests	Successful	5/31/2006	3.4

Six Hats Thinking	Instructor-Led	Successful	2/1/2006	0



Personal Details

Date of Birth	14-07-1984

Nationality	Indian



Passport Details

Name as on passport	Relationship	Passport Number	Date of Issue	Expiry
Date	Place of Issue

Anand Kumar Singh	Self	F4152838	11-Jul 2005	10-July 2015	Thane, Mumbai



Résumé		              Anand Kumar Singh

	                                                                       
                                                                       
160849

Page   PAGE  1  of   NUMPAGES  6 

