SUmit RAJ ShIVHARE

  HYPERLINK "mailto:sumsumsumit@gmail.com"  sumsumsumit@gmail.com 

Phone no: - 91-9371507345

===============================================================

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Total 1.9yrs of experience in C,C++ and SDK technologies. 

Currently working in Image Point Technologies, pvt. ltd, Pune.

Good Understanding of Object-Oriented Programming.

Work Domain : Banking

professional experience Summary:

I am a technical professional with good understanding of software
development life cycle model. My recent experience is mainly with coding
in Visual C++. However I also have knowledge of Software Development Kit
(SDK and MFC) and I have been exposed to requirement study, analysis,
coding, testing, implementation and maintenance activities during my
brief 1.9yrs of work experience.

	

Image Point Technologies, pvt. ltd, Pune	  

Associate Consultant /Developer

From 7 Aug 2006 to till date.

Presently I am working as a software Developer at Image Point
Technologies, Pune.

This is a software house which specializes in software localization. We
primarily work in banking sector. Our clients are State Bank Of India,
Indian Overseas Bank, TCS, Zenith Infotech, corporation bank ,IBM that
deal with Indian languages. 

e-biz technocrats, Gwalior	  

Software Engineer  

From 6 Sept 2005 to june2006

Core Competency

Operating Systems	All windows platforms

Application	System Software

Languages	C, C++

IDE	Microsoft VC++

Tools	SDK/MFC

RDBMS	Oracle 8i/9i , MS-Access



Detail of my projects and my role is listed below.

Project	Script Magic For Lotus Notes

Client	IBM(Pune)

Environment	VC++,JRE

Period	April 2007 to till current

Role	Software Developer

Project Scope

ScriptMagic enables your software to operate in any other
language/languages in addition to English. The other feature of
ScriptMagic application is that it allows User selectable Data Entry in
English or other language as per the customer requirement in each Data
Entry Field. 

Note:-> Its a client side solution.

My Responsibilities 

	Coding and development

	Interchanging and coordination with the client for new requirements

	Resolving bugs, implementing new modifications and simulating live
environment. 

	Documentation and review for all project related activities.

	Version control for all project related documents.



	

Project	TCS Core Banking Solution (FNS BANCS)

Client	Indian Bank (All india)

Environment	VC++,IIS server

Period	October 2006 till current 

Role	Software Developer

Project Scope

TCS FNS BANCS is a Core Banking Solution that helps banks increase
productivity and profits by enabling them to respond rapidly to market
demands for new financial products. It helps banks provide superior
customer service and manage enterprise-wide risk.

Our Module:- Enhance the Multilingual facility as Script Magic.

Script Magic enables your software to operate in any other
language/languages in addition to English. The other feature of
ScriptMagic application is that it allows User selectable Data Entry in
English or other language as per the customer requirement in each Data
Entry Field. Our recent demo given with 8 languages.

Note:-> Its a Server side solution

My Responsibilities 

	Coding and development

	Interchanging and coordination with the client for new requirements

	Resolving bugs, implementing new modifications and simulating live
environment. 

	Documentation and review for all project related activities.

	Version control for all project related documents.



Learning Management System(During e-biz)

Edcore USA

Edcore is a leader in providing training for different automobile
companies.Learning Management System helps Edcore to manage all the
tasks related to the training. Employee can opt for training in
different courses. A course

major may have multiple courses. Each course has multiple offering. The
curriculum for different offerings is also maintained. An employee can
enroll himself for a course depending on his skill level. LMS also
manages

skill levels and certification fr the employees and dealers. Each module
has certain prerequisite. These prerequisites are different for
different employees/courses. LMS automatically checks these
prerequisites and enroll an employee only when these prerequisites are
met. An employee can check his certification status in different
courses. A manager can check the status of all the employees working
under him. Multiple reports can be generated on the basis of Track,
employee, dealer, job group etc.

Environment: Oracle 8, Jsp, Servlets, Crystal reports, Data reports,
XML,J2SE.

Role: My Role is to design and implement functionality and creating Java
server pages using Model View Controller.

ACADEMICS 

Bachelor of Engineering (BE Electronics and communication) from R.J.I.T 
BSF Tekanpur in the year 2005.

Senior Secondary School (10+2), M.P Board Bhopal, Gwalior in May 1999. 

Secondary School (10th), M.P Board Bhopal, Gwalior in May 1997. 

LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY:

Spoken  - English, Hindi

Written - English, Hindi

EXTRA CURRICULAM:

Best Sports person of the year 1999 in school.

Represented college team in
football,basketball,cricket,tennis,table-tennis,chess and atheletics.   

Always had an active participation in all the cultural and sports
activities of schools and colleges

PERSONAL PARTICULARS:

Father's Name                                      	:	Shri R.S SHIVHARE

Date of Birth	:	9th NOV. 1981

Permanent Address	:	24-PG ENCLAVE ANUPAM NAGAR EXTN-2 ,THATIPUR,
GWALIOR-474011

Phone

 

,

.

/

[

{

 

 

,

.

/

W

Y

[

p

z

{

€

‚

…

“

™

{

™

ë

/

0

@

A

S

i

 @

A

S

j

v

‡

‘

™



³

¼

Â

Ü

옍

␃㄃$␷㠀$⑈愀̤ᘀ ␃ਃ&䘋

mobile	:

:	0751-2231141

9371507345

Marital Status

Passport No	:

:	Unmarried

F4519901

Gender	:	Male



STRENGTHS:

Self Confidence

Punctuality

Fast & versatile learning capability

Good interpersonal communication skills 

DATE:					Sumit Raj Shivhare

