MANISH PAWAR

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE

2.7 years of Development experience in IT industry

Expertise in Various Core Java and J2EE technologies

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating System	:	Windows XP/NT/9X, Solaris, Linux

J2EE Components 	:	Core Java, Java MultiThreading, JDBC, JSP,

Servlet, Struts, Windchill

Web App Server	:	Apache, Tomcat

Database		:	Oracle 9i

PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND

Client: Elecon Engineering Company Pvt. Ltd. the Asia’s largest Gear
Manufacturing Company implemented PLM solution (i.e Windchill 8.0) for
their crucial CAD Data management. Configuration management, Change
management. 

Technical Environment: Core Java, JSP, Servlet, Tomcat, Apache, Oracle
9i

	Role & Contribution:

Implementation of Windchill 8.0 and enhancing the Windchill OOTB
features through customization using J2EE.

Development of custom reports at Windchill, Site and Organization level
for various unique requirements

Java, JSP, Servlet performance tuning to enhance the efficiency of the
application software.

Client: Silicon Meadows Design Private Limited, Pune ,  A well known CAD
Design company have client across the world.

	Technical Environment: Tomcat, Apache, Java, JSP, Servlet, Oracle 9i

	Role & Contribution:

Customized Windchill PDMLink7.0 by adding the functionality of Multiple
Checkin, Checkout, Undo Checkout and download facility for windchill
documents in the folder page as well as document structure page.

Java, JSP, Servlet performance tuning to enhance the efficiency of the
enterprise application software.

Client: Dynamatics Technologies Limited, Asia's largest producer of
Hydraulic Gear Pumps implemented PLM solution (i.e Windchill 8.0) for
their crucial CAD Data management, Configuration management, Change
management.

	Technical Environment: Tomcat, Apache, Java, JSP, Servlet, Oracle 9i

	Role & Contribution:

Implementation of Windchill 8.0 and enhancing the Windchill OOTB
features through customization.

Development of Java based Infoengine reports depicting running workflow
information.

Java, JSP, Servlet performance tuning to enhance the efficiency of the
application software.

Working Office	:	LARSON & TOUBRO INFOTECH LIMITED

				ML Tower, Building No. 101,

				Millennium Business Park,

				Sector 2, MIDC, Mahape,

				Navi Mumbai – 400 701, India

Work Duration	:	May 2005 to Till Date.

Client : Development Credit Bank Limited.

  

	Technical Environment: Core Java, JSP, Servlet, Tomcat, Apache, Oracle
9i ,

			        Linux

Description:

Development of Web Based e-Learning application for DCBL .

e-Learning Web Application  is an intranet web application that will be
used by the employee of the organization (DCB) to give test conducted by
the organizations (DCB) authority .

Worked as Software Engineer and completed major part of the project.

Working Office:	ARION SYSTEMS PVT. LTD.

	301,Runwal Commercial Center,

                                                    3rd Floor, B. S.
Devshi Marg,

                                       Govandi Station Rd. ,
Govandi(E),Mumbai – 400 088 , India

Work Duration	:	Oct 2004 to  Apr 2005

3. 	Project: Mobile Application Development

Technical Environment: Tomcat, Java, JSP, Servlet, Oracle 9i

Description:

Development of web interface for “M-Bus Stop” Mobile application 

Working Offic :                   TATA INFOTECH LIMITED

	    J.B. Nagar , Andheri Kurla Road ,

	    Andheri(East) , Mumbai – 400059

Work Duration	:	Mar  2004  To Sep 2004

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

Bachelors Degree in Computer Engineering – 2004 

Bachelors Degree In Mathematics. – 2001

CERTIFICATION AND TRAINING  

Achievements

Successfully executed various turnkey IT projects in verticals like
Manufacturing, Banking etc.

Successfully delivered Windchill 8.0 implementation through
Customization.

Appreciated by client for successful and on time completion of the
project.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Name 	:	Manish Shivaji Pawar

Address	:	A/403 Yash Residency, Plot No 12 , Sector 4 ,						Kalamboli,
New Mumbai 410218

Mobile 	:	09322008719

Date of Birth : 	16 Oct 1979

