









Resume of Abhijit Khalate						Page 

Abhijit Khalate 

abhi_j_khalate@rediffmail.com

9102112232066 09892964611

At post Late Tal:Baramati Dist:Pune Pin Code:412103

Current Location: Mumbai





Title:VC++ Developer (2 Year Exp.).Work Experience:2 years
Skills:C,C++,VC++,VB.NETCurrent Organization:Textronics Design
SystemIndustry:IT/ Computers  Software,OtherHighest Degree Held:M.Sc
(Computers) ,Pune UniversityGender:MaleDate of Birth:2nd June
1983Current Annual Salary (Rs. in Lacs):2.90



Detailed Resume:





Nakoda App.,C wing,

Flat No:-9,Thane(w) Mumbai.

Phone No. 09892964611

E-Mail: abhi_j_khalate@rediffmail.com

             abhi_j_khalate2005@yahoo.co.in





AbhiJIT J. KHALATE



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND OBJECTIVE:



      I have been in field of Software Programming for last 2 Year.  I 
have

      worked extensively on VC++ and VB.Net. I have played key roles in
many

      stages of SDLC, quality processes, development and database
design.



      My objective is to seek a  position  in  your  organization 
involving

      project analysis, design and development of  software  products 
which

      will utilize my strong skills of  programming,  analytical 
abilities,

      technical knowledge in the best possible manner.



experience summary:



      Total Experience  -    2 Year.



Duration          Organization               November. 2004 - 
Textronics Design Systems  Today             (I) Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai       



Education:



Master of Computer science (2005) Pune University with an average  of 
70.00

%



Bachelor of Computer Science (2003), Pune University,  with  an  average
 of

63.00 %



H.S.C (Year 2000) from mudhoji High School,Phaltan  ,  with  an  average
 of

65.53 %



S.S.C (Year 1998) from New English School ,Late,Baramati with an average
 of

71.33 %





Technical Skills:



Main Languages     C, C++, VC++,VB.NET                             Other
known         Visual Basics 6.0                              languages  
                                                       Databases        
 MS SQL Server, MS Access                        Operating Systems 
Windows 9X/Me/2000/XP                           



Sound knowledge of SDLC, Software Engineering concepts.









project summary:

     1. Project Name   - Design Archive

     2. Client         - Textronics Design System (I) Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.

      Brief Overview - It consists of Archive  server  and  Archive 
client.

      This application is used to store the record of the designs
created in

      Textile industries.



         Archive server is used to create the ware house, Design type, 
user

         groups and users. It is also is used for give the access rights
 to

         the users.



        Archive  client  is  used  to  store  that  designs  in  with 
it's

        Attribute. It also gives the facility  of  Modifying  and 
deleting

        Design and sending designs through mail.

         Position:-             Programmer.

         Contribution:-      - Requirement Analysis & Information
Gathering.

                       -  Database Designing.

                       - Design and development of the particular forms.

                       - Coding and testing.

         Team Size:-   - 2

         Front End:          - VB.Net

         Backend:-           - SQL Server 2000





     1. Project Name   - Design Desk.

     2. Client         - Textronics Design System (I) Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.

      Brief  Overview  -  Design  Desk  is  CAD/CAM  solution  for  
Textile

      industries.  Design  Desk  handles   weaves,   yarns,   patterns  
and

      construction parameters to  instantly  simulate  realistic  fabric
 on

      screen.

      Position:-         Programmer.

      Contribution:-   -Study Designed flow and manipulation of data in
the

   system

                       -Enhance the some dialogs.

                       -Enhance the user interface

                       -Development of some new features.

                       -Implementation of Component named Color Picker.

      Team Size        -3

      Software Used    - VC++ (MFC, Doc/View Architecture)









     1. Project Name   - Design Jacquard.

     2. Client         - Textronics Design System (I) Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.

      Brief Overview -   Design  Jacquard  is  CAD/CAM  for  Jacquard 
Woven

      Fabrics. This Textile  Software  for  designing  the  carpets, 
towels

      designs. This software is used for  developing  yarns,  bed 
sheets  &

      design matching.



      Position:-         Programmer.

      Contribution:-   - Study Designed flow of exiting system.

                       - Enhancement of data storing in file.

                       - Enhancement of user interface.

                       - Implementation of Color Palette.

                       - Implementation of new features like Color
Gradient

                       , Insert    Remove Pixels.



      Team Size        -3

      Software Used    - VC++ (MFC, Doc/View Architecture)









     1. Project Name   - Design Studio.

     2. Client         - Textronics Design System (I) Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.

      Brief Overview:- Design Studio is a one stop CAD solution which
equips

      the designer with an array of tools to successfully accomplish his
pre-

      print requirements. Strong Drawing and  editing  facilities, 
masking,

      cleaning, clip board functionality.

      Position:-         Programmer.

      Contribution:-   -Study Designed flow and manipulation of data in
the

   system

                       -Enchantment of serialization.

                       -Implementation of new feature Copy Paste, color

   Palette.

      Team Size        -3

      Software Used    - VC++ (MFC, Doc/View Architecture)

























     1. Project Name   - Design Dobby

     2. Client         - Textronics Design System (I) Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai.

      Brief Overview - This is CAD/CAM solution for  Dobby  designing. 
This

      software is used  for  developing  yarns,  matching  colors, 
creating

      weaves & simulating fabric with unparalleled realism. This
software is

      mainly used in textile industries for shirt designing.

      Position:-         Programmer.

      Contribution:-   -Requirement Analysis & Information Gathering

                       -Designed flow and manipulation of data in the
system

                       -Maintained proper integration of each module.

                       -Implementation of color matching , wave book.

                       -Implementation of Warp, Weft, Draft, Peg data

   modules.

      Team Size        -3

      Software Used    - VC++ (MFC, Doc/View Architecture)







Personal Details:





Name             Abhijit Jawahar Khalate.                  Birth Date   
   2nd June, 1983                            Marital status   Unmarried.
                               Permanent        At Post:-Late
Tal:-Baramati               Address          Dist:-Pune,Pin-413102.
Maharashtra. India                  .                                   
     E-Mail Id        abhi_j_khalate@rediffmail.com,                    
        abhi_j_khalate2005@yahoo.co.in            Mobile No       
09892964611                               Strengths        Flexible on
any technology, Quick learning                 capability, hardworking
nature.           





                                                   [Abhijit KHALATE]





