    		   E 3/3, Police Officer’s Quarters,

			Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E)

			Mumbai-400059

			Ph. (Resi) 022- 29250244

       	          (Mob) 9821137513

  E-mail –   HYPERLINK "mailto:laxmi_p82in@rediffmail.com" 
laxmi_p82in@rediffmail.com 

	             HYPERLINK "mailto:laxmi_p82in@Yahoo.co.in" 
laxmi_p82in@Yahoo.co.in 

Laxmi A. Patil

OBJECTIVE:

I want to be associated with an organization that understands the
importance of human values and climb up the corporate hierarchy with my
sincerity and dedication towards work.

A self-motivated professional & Fast Learner having Flair for Organizing
& Coordinating with clear focus on Intensive working for company's
prosperity & continuous self-development.

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE:

Operating Systems	Windows NT/XP/2000/98

Languages	C, C++

Tools/Utilities	Visual Basic. NET, ASP.NET,VB6.0,VSS 6.0, HTML

Databases	Oracle 9i (SQL, PL/SQL),MS SQL Server 2000, MS Access 

Reporting Tool	Crystal Report 9.0



Certification:

Databases	1) 1Z0-007 Certification (Introduction To Oracle 9i : SQL)

    Registration No: ODFSYD5164

    Score : 41



Professional Experience (1.7 years of experience):

Currently working in Cybertech Infosolutions (I) PVT. LTD. as Software
Programmer from July 2006 to till date.

Project(s) at Cybertech Infosolutions (I) PVT. LTD.

1.  Financial Accounting

It is developed for Lakeland Chemicals. It aims is to provide client
with integrated packaged software. It Includes various modules like
Excise, Production, Inventory, Accounting and Payroll management.

Environment	VB.NET, MSSQL SERVER 2K, Windows 2K.

Roles and Responsibilities	Software Programmer 

Import Data from their FoxPro Based System.

Responsibilities include understanding new requirements and developing
system. 

Responsibilities include creating procedures, functions, Triggers. 

Developing Inventory and Accounts related reports using Crystal Reports
9i.





Reference: Mr. Paresh Wani, (Proj. Lead).

Contact Details: paresh_wani_psw@yahoo.com

2. Smart POS

It is developed for Parle Products Co-Op Housing Society. It manages all
day-to-day transaction like Purchase, Sale and Accounting Transaction.
It generates reports in Notepad formats. It is User Friendly Software.

Environment	VB.NET, MSSQL SERVER 2K, Windows 2K.

Roles and Responsibilities	Software Developer

Developing the logic, coding.

Designing Reports as per Client requirements at Client Side.

Responsibilities include understanding functionality and developing
package as per the requirement.





3. Smart Accounting

Smart Accounting is product which is complete package for Accounting
solution.

Environment	VB.NET, Windows 2K, MSSQL SERVER 2K

Roles and Responsibilities	Analyzing,Developing,Database Designing

Responsibilities include creating procedures, functions, Triggers.

Testing the application for bugs and performance on other deployment
platforms.





Reference: Mr. Vijay Kumar, (Proj. Lead).

Contact Details:   HYPERLINK
"http://in.f89.mail.yahoo.com/ym/Compose?To=bth_vijay@rediffmail.com&YY=
32559&y5beta=yes&y5beta=yes&order=down&sort=date&pos=0&view=a&head=b" 
bth_vijay@rediffmail.com 

 

Project(s) at Perfect Elogics Pvt. Ltd.

4. E-Garments 

It is developed for Burlington’s of Bombay. Burlington’s retail
business is to sale fashion garments to elite class of customers. It
offers comprehensive and rich business functionality, with a hassle free
environment.  

Environment	VB 6.0, ORACLE 9i (SQL, PL/SQL), Windows 2K

Roles and Responsibilities	Software Programmer 

Developing the logic, coding and testing the application for bugs and
performance on other deployment platforms

Responsibilities include understanding methodology of DOS system,
identifying new requirements and developing system. 





Projects Implemented as integral part of B.E. course

5. Timesheet Management System

It is a Project Management Tool. Helps in maintaining records,
timesheets Of all Employees. Consultancy firms can also use this
package. By producing these Timesheets, consultancy can charge them as
per their terms and condition made in contract.

Environment	D2K,ORACLE 8i

Roles and Responsibilities	Analyzing, Developing, Database Designing.

Deploying the application on other platforms.





Educational Qualification: 

Qualification	Institute	University	Academic Year	Class Obtained

B.E.         Computer	Thadomal Shahani College

Of Engineering  (Bandra)	University of Mumbai	2003-2004	Second

H.S.C.	Sathaye  College 

   (Vile Parle)	Mumbai Divisional Board	1999-2000	First

S.S.C.	I.E.S. School

(Andheri E)	Mumbai Divisional Board	1997-1998	Distinction



ABOUT ME:

Date of Birth -             11th-August-1982.

Father’s Name-            Mr. A. B. Patil	

Nationality -                 Indian.

Marital Status -            Single.

Languages Known -      English, Hindi and Marathi.

	

		Yours faithfully,

	

  	                    	Laxmi Patil

