Keshwani Ravi                                  Current Address:	

Asst Programmer (B.C.A)

  HYPERLINK "mailto:ravi4uininin@yahoo.co.in"  ravi4uininin@yahoo.co.in 
Nutan-meera Apartments,Kishannagar-3,

                          Shree nagar,near Vaishalinagar          
Bus-Stand,Thane,Mulund(West) 

	      Mumbai

	+ 91 9221447456		             	          		

Experience:

An enthusiastic software professional having 2+years of live industrial
experience in the field of software design and development in Asp,
Asp.net, VB6, VB.net, Oracle8i, 9i,PL/SQL, Developer 2000, C#.net

Job Profile:

Currently working with Networth Softech Ltd Software Developer June-2007
to till Date 

Worked with T&M Consultancy  Since April-2004 to May -2006 as
Asst-Programmer 

Since then Worked with NIC[National Informatics Center]Bhavnagar  as
Asst-Programmer under Govt Contract from June-2006 to April-2007 

Qualification:

B.C.A. (Bachelor of Computer Application) from Shree Swaminarayan
college of Computer Science.

Knowledge Is Power:

Microsoft Technologies	 .NET Framework

 C# .NET

 ASP.NET

 ADO.NET

 XML

 ASP

Operating Systems	 Windows XP/2000/NT/98

 MS DOS

Databases	 SQL Server 2000

 Oracle8i,9i PL/SQL

 Data Warehousing

 MySQL 

GUI/ Validation Scripts	 HTML 

 Java Script

 VB Script

FrontPage

Dream Weaver

Web Servers	 IIS, Apache 

Open Source	PHP5,Core Java, AJAX



Subject Knowledge: -

(1) Computer Graphics.     (2) Data Struct. & Algorithms.  (3) Computer
Networks.    (4) Operating System.	(5) Operational Research         (6)
P.C.S

(7) System Analysis And Design  (8)C,C++,VC++ (9)Assembly Language

Achievement In IT:  Selected among 3000 candidates from all over India
in the Exam of NIC Scientific Officer (Grade-D) Exam in Feb-2006 held by
National Informatics Center.

Experience Summary:

Project 	Revenue System

Duration	Augast-2004 to October-2004

Operating System	Windows 2003

Software	VB.Net(2002), Pl/Sql, Sql server-2000

Team Size	4 Members

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Interface Designing,Coding and Unit Testing

Project Description	This Project covered all the Information Generation
techniques Searching Techniques and Reports. The Project was of revenue
department at collector office Bhavnagar, which kept the records of
various schemes of government for children’s and widows. It also
handled the records of weapons and hotel licensing.





Project 	Ferist Maintainence system

Duration	November-2004 to December-2004

Operating System	Windows XP

Software	VB.Net(2003), Pl/Sql, Sql server-2000

Team Size	3 Members

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Interface Designing,Coding and Unit Testing

Project Description	This Project covered the maintenance of ferist(old
Applications) of government mamlatdar offices. It handled huge amount of
data on the server as the record were to be maintained right from 1947.





Project 	Online Tumar Maintenance

Duration	January-2005 to Feb-2005

Operating System	Windows XP

Software	Asp, Sql server-2000

Team Size	4 Members

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Web Page Designing,Programming 

Project Description	This Project was the online maintainance of
tumar(Pending Applications).In this project I participated in the group
and my role was of web-designing and developing.





Project 	LAND BASE Project

Client	All Taluka of District

Duration	March-2005 to Augast-2006

Operating System	Windows XP

Software	ASP.NET(2003),Oracle, Crystal Report.

Team Size	5 Members

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Coding and Unit Testing

Project Description	A Software Package Web Application deal with the
task of handling Query emerged from Government Land occupied Named as
"Bhumi Project" As Initiate at Taluka level. In this application we have
cover all information of land of district Bhavnagar. It Deals with the
land and contain different part of land and any procedure for that
particular part at taluka level. It can through appropriate authors in
any taluka office of dist Bhavnagar updatable.  





Project 	E-gram Online Help system:

Duration	September-2006 to December-2006

Operating System	Windows 2003

Software	C#.net,SQL Server

Team Size	4 Members

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Web Page Designing,Programming 

Project Description	     About This site: this Site covered All the
details Regarding the new Software of e-gram and Provided Pictorial
Training for Installation and running the Software and also provided the
online Complain registration of the hardware and software related
problems.





Project 	Query Solving System of NIC Bhavnagar:

Duration	Feb-2007 to till date

Operating System	Windows XP

Software	ASP.net(2003),SQL Server 2000

Team Size	5 Members

Role	Team Member

Responsibilities	Web Page Designing,Programming 

Project Description	     This project handled all the problems data in
the database along with individual html page of each query solution
searched about the problem. This site worked liked Search engine.
Resulted each and every solution of the problem of a word, sentence or a
letter along with its HTML link.





Personal Profile:

	Date of Birth     : 19/05/1982

	Sex                  : Male

Nationality        : Indian

Passport Status : Valid Up to February 2015

Languages        : English, Hindi and Gujarati and Sindhi

Reference

Mr. Dinesh Chauhan, DIO of NIC ( Bhavnagar Division). 

Phone No. (o)  0278-2429633/2568100®.

Yours truly,

Ravi  Keshwani

(Mumbai)

