





Detailed Resume (Additional Details) 

Mansukh Sapra

B/14 Divya Kamal Society.

Near Raj Cinema, B/h Nandanvan Society

Vallabh Vidyanagar-388 120.

Dist: Anand, Gujarat, INDIA.

Tel: 98989 16840, 94263 41766 (M)

E-Mail: mgsapra@yahoo.com

=============================

JOB OBJECTIVE: 

--------------

To get a good placement where I can use my skills to grow in IT field.

SUMMARY: 

--------

VB 6.0/COM/DCOM/MS-ACCESS/SQL SERVER/ORACLE/ASP/VB.NET 

. More than 5 years of working experience in design and development of
client server applications and web applications using various
development tools/technologies.

. Having experience of Development, Designing, Analysis and Leadership

. Developed Softwares using Visual Basic 6.0, VB.Net, SQL Server,
Crystal Reports, and Data Reports.

. Developed dynamic pages using ASP technology on IIS and VB Script.

. Ability to absorb technical knowledge and get trained on new software
products quickly.

. Involved in the System Study, Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing and
Implementation of SDLC. 

TECHNICAL SKILL LEVELS:

----------------------

Area Level

Visual Basic 6.0 Expert

VB.NET Beginner

ASP.NET Beginner

Crystal Report Expert

ASP Intermediate

HTML Expert

SQL / PL SQL Expert

Oracle Expert

SQL Server Intermediate

MS-Office Expert

Visual Interdev, Front Page Expert

EDUCATION:

----------

June 2000 Sardar Patel University Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat, India

Master of Computer Applications with Second Class (54 % Aggregate)

April 1995 Sardar Patel University Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat, India

Bachelor of Science (Physics) with First Class (61 %)

WORK EXPERIENCE:

----------------

Sr. Software Engineer, DataVision Software Consultancy, V.V.Nagar, INDIA
Apr-2004 - Present

Presently working on a project Motel Management System Using VB.Net as a
Front End, SQL Server 2000 as a Back End and reporting tool as a Crystal
Report 8.5, for Palace Suit, Dallas, USA.

Job Responsibilities:

(1)Responsible for full life cycle development of the software. 

(2)Responsible for the designing of Database and Application
architecture 

(3)Actively participated in GUI design and create dynamic interface with
CSS

(4)Develop complete middle tier and database tier. Create stored
procedures, triggers, functions etc

(5)Lead the team for front-end development and also take part in it. 

(6)Providing Backup support to the marketing team

Development Environment:

Front End: VB 6.0, VB.Net, ASP.Net, ASP, VB Script, JavaScript, Data
Reports, and Crystal Reports

Back End: SQL Server 2000, Oracle, MS Access

Programmer Analyst, KrishTech Software Solutions, V.U.Nagar, INDIA
Oct-2001 - Apr-2004

The Company was engaged with developing various software in Finance,
Accounting and Inventory modules. I have developed their Paper Mill
Management System for HARIOHM PAPERMILL PVT LTD., GANGADHARA, BARDOLI,
SURAT, the system developed in Visual Basic 6.0 and SQL Server 2000.

The Company was also involved in developing of school management
applications for different school. I have developed their Generalize
Student Modules for School Management System, the system developed in
Visual Basic 6.0 and SQL Server 2000.

The Company was also involved in developing various dynamic and static
website. I have developed their website named www.thirdeyevision.com

Projects done under this company:

(1)Papermill Management System

(2)School Management System

(3)Financial Accounting System

(4)Pathology Lab Management System.

(5)Career Help Line.

(6)Transport Management System.

(7)Crain Design And Estimation Software

(8)Investment Management System.

Development Environment: 

Front End: VB 6.0, VB.Net, ASP,VB Script, JavaScript, Data Reports, and
Crystal Reports

Back End: SQL Server 2000, Oracle, MS Access

Technical Assistant,Pramukh Swami Computer

Institute, V.V.Nagar, INDIA Sep-2000 - Sep-2001 

Developed Portal (Online Examination) of PCI. I had worked on the
modules, viz. registration form 

and Search Criteria for the Portal (Similar to search Engine). Tools,
used by these modules, are ASP and HTML Database used is MS-Access 2000
as Back-end.

PROJECT PROFILES

=================

Application: Dish TV Dealer Management System

Undertaken at :DataVision

Tool Used :Front End: VB.Net, Crystal 

Reports.

Back End: SQL Server 2000

Team Size :3

Description :The System was design as a product, which can suit variety
of requirement of dealers of DISH TV. The System include Following
Modules

. Customers

. Employees 

. Dish TV Packages

. Customer Services

. Customer Subscriptions

. Accounting.

Role : Analysis, designing and Coding.

(2)Application: Sales, Purchase, Inventory and Accounting Modules

Undertaken at :KrishTech Software Solutions

Tool Used :Front End: Visual Basic 6.0, Crystal Reports, Data Reports.

Back End: Ms Access 2000

Team Size :3

Description :This system was developed for a Anand Enterprise, Petlad,
Gujarat, which purchases Item from the different Company and sales it.
Aim of developing this system was to automate & computerize the manual
works.

Feature of the Software

(1) All the modules are integrated

(2) Stock can be maintained at multi-locations.

(3) Group wise Item master maintain

(4) maintains information about the Suppliers, Customers, 

(5) It also keeps track on daily Purchase of Items, 

(6) Daily Sales of Items. 

(7) Maintains party's ledgers automatically when sale/purchase are made.

This System also generates reports for better decision-making.

Role :Analysis, designing and Coding.

Highlight:Some of the processes of accounting module are performed using
COM.

I have used VB 6.0 for generating Front End user data entry screens and
Ms Access 2000 on the Back End for Data storage. ADO Data Control is
used to access the data from the database. I have used Crystal Reports
to generate the reports.

OPTIONAL INFORMATION 

Gender Male

Nationality Indian

Date Of Birth 6/6/1974

Languages Known English, Hindi, Gujarati

Marital Status Married

PASSPORT DETAILS 

Number B 3151477

Issue Date 19 - December - 2000

Expiry Date 18 - December - 2010

Issue Country India

Total IT Experience: 5 years & 2 Months

Present Salary: 20000.00 per month

Current Company: DataVision

Expected Salary: As per company rules

Company Location:

Vallabh Vidyanagar, Dist : Anand, Gujarat - India

Time Required to Join:Earliest

Contact Details: 98989 16840 (M) 94263 41766 (M)

Email : mgsapra@yahoo.com,man4kss@yahoo.com

References: 

(1) Dharmesh Patel 

Project Manager

K-Bridge India Pvt Ltd. (Baroda)

Ph: +91-265-2322217 (ext. 25)

M: 98257 56586 

(2) Daxesh Patel 

Proprietor

Data Vision (V.V.Nagar)

Ph: 093750 35706

Hobbies and Interests: Listening & playing music, surfing, traveling,
and making new friends



