Summary:

7Months of IT experience in Software Development, Object Oriented
Programming. 

Programming skills in VB.NET, ASP.NET2.0, HTML and SQL2000.

Also knowledge of C, C++ and CORE JAVA. 

Acquainted with OOA/OOD, Use Cases, Sequence Diagram and Class Diagrams
using UML 

Team Player with experience in client interaction and understanding
business application, business data flow and data relations from them.
Exceptional ability to quickly master new concepts and capable of
working in-group as well as independently with excellent communication
skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages         	:	Java, C, C++

.NET TECHNOLOGIES	:	VB.NET,ASP.NET2.0

Web/Internet Technologies	:	HTML



RDBMS	:	SQL 2000

Operating System	:	Windows 



EDUCATION:

CDAC	 NCST (KHARGHAR)   

2005-2006	Pass

B.E. Computers	Lokmanya Tilak College Of Engineering	Mumbai University
2000-2004	63%

H S C 	Sathaye College 	Mumbai University	1998-2000	82%

SSC	S B V	Maharashtra Board	1998	87%



PERSONAL DETAILS:

Date of Birth	: 8th February 1983

Address	: 5/208,PawanBaug , Malad(West) , Mumbai – 400064

Gender	: Female.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

Rheal Software  (Mumbai)	                Software Engineer              
              Sep2006TillDate

Project Management system (Training Project).	

This is an internal  web-based application developed for training
purpose . Project  has features like display requirements,  changes to
the requirements, uploading testcases related to the requirement,
changing the status of the tasks, etc.

Responsibilities

Designing the Database Tables and Normalizing them.

Making Store procedures for each table to insert  , update , select ,
search and delete records.

Designing the Front End using HTML  and ASP.NET web controls.

Designing the Front End pages in VB.NET

Displaying records in an editable grid format.

Technology Used

     SQL , VB.NET , ASP.NET2.0 and HTML

Rheal Software  (Mumbai)	                Software Engineer              
               Sep2006TillDate

Ehouse (Live Project)	

This is  web-based application  . Ehouse is an real estate company based
in UK. The web site is designed  for the staff members and the clients
to upload the photos and virtual tours related to a real estate property
, to display and amend the task assigned to the photographers , etc.

Responsibilities

Conversion of the project from  visual studio 2003 to 2005.

Displaying records in an editable grid format using UserControls.

Various reports displaying various information including slideshows and
images.

Task assigned by the client as per requirements.

Making various user controls .

Technology Used

     SQL ,  VB.NET , ASP.NET2.0 and HTML

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

CDAC(Mumbai)			           	                                          
Aug 2005 – SEP2005

Semaphores and Monitors                                                 
                                                                        
                                              Implementation of PRODUCER
CONSUMER PROBLEM using SEMAPHORES  and MONITORS .

Responsibilities

            Designing of all the classes .

Language  Used

        C++

CDAC(Mumbai)		                                                          
 	     Sep 2005 – Oct2005

Human Resource Management  

Includes features like Granting leaves , Allocating and De-allocating
employees from project , etc.

Responsibilities

Making the Use Case Diagram.

Making the Class Diagram.

Making the Sequence and the Collaboration Diagram.

Language  Used

        UML

CDAC(Mumbai)		                                                          
              Oct2005 –Nov2005

Library Management System 

This is web-based application developed for training purpose . Project 
has features like Issue a Book, Issue Membership, Insert , update ,
Select , Search for any record from the database.

Responsibilities

Designing the Database Tables and Normalizing them.

Making Store procedures for each table to insert  , update , select ,
search and delete records.

Designing the Front End using HTML  and ASP.NET2.0 web controls.

Technology Used	

     SQL , VB.NET , ASP.NET2.0 and HTML

I hereby declare that the above information’s provided are genuine to
the best of my knowledge and belief.

(Sonal Rungta)

SONAL RUNGTA		Email: sonal_1983soni@yahoo.co.in

	                                                                       
                                            Cell: 9819457836

Page   PAGE \*ARABIC  3  of   NUMPAGES \*ARABIC  3 

