		                   

   					Asit Sinha

				Kalyani nagar, Sai nagar society,H10 

						(PUNE)

					9970573059

				F-685 Rajaji Puram Lucknow

				(Permanent Address) 226017

	Headphone  - 09919074236, 09839730675

E-mail:    HYPERLINK "mailto:asitsinha1@yahoo.com"  asitsinha1@yahoo.com


				

VB.Net/ASP.Net Software Engineer

Accomplished software engineer specializing in .Net platform
development. Extensive background in full life –cycle of software
development process including requirements gathering, design, coding,
testing and debugging. Proven track record of designing and implementing
flexible solutions, which support frequent UI and functionality changes.
Strengths include:

( Vb.Net Development	    ( Sql 2005             	( ASP.NET 

(Reporting Services (OLAP Cube) (OLAP		( Crystal Report 11 

	 

					Professional Profile                 		

EXPERIENCE: 

Working with ATWSPL. As Analyst and Software Engineer in ERP Solution.
Since May 2005 and Module is “HR & Personnel Management”. This
software name “TOPSPIN” and based on textile oriented. 

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Project 		Enterprise Resource Planning 

Clint			CHEEMA Spentex LTD. (Chandigarh)

Languages		VB.Net 2005 & Sql Server 2005

 Role			System analysis & Software 				           Engineer

Location		Raja Ji Puram Lucknow

Worked with Think Computers. Since    April 2005 and worked as developer
in Uttranchal portal with TCS in dehardun. In this portal cover the
Uttranchal govt. activities. 

and worked with  Addya Appolo Hospital Software.					

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Project 		UttranchalPortal 

Languages		Html & JSP, Vb6.0

    Role			Software Engineer 

Location		Dehradun 

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Project 	Addya Appolo Hospital  Management System

Languages		Vb 6.0 and Sql

    Role			Software Engineer 

Location		Lucknow 

Worked for Postal Department Of India. As Sr. Software Engineer. Since
March 2002. This software is based for PayRoll and Pay Slip for the
employee. 

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Project 		Payroll Management System

Languages		Visual Basic & Sql Server

Role			Sr. Software Engineer 

Location		AliGanj Lucknow

Contact Person	Mr.R.K.Singh (Executive Engineer)      Ph.2375713,
2324419               

		

		

Work As Lecturer 

Worked for Dr. Rajendra Prashad Memorial Degree Girls College. As
Lecturer for BSc.-I,II,III year Girls student. Since                    
          June 2003 to March 2004. Lecturer for the Data Structure with
C, C, Fortran and Digital Electronics. 

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Languages	Data Structure with C, C, Fortran and Digital Electronics

Role	Lecturer/ Sr. Computer Science Teacher

Location	       Raja Ji Puram Lucknow

					Technical Expertise

Working Languages  

Languages	Visual Basic.Net 2003 & 2005 , ASP.NET 

 

	Database		Sql Server 2005

	Report Services	Crystal Report – 11, ADO.Net Report, Excel Sheet
Report through to .Net Application

	

	Data Analysis 		OLAP & Reporting Services 

		

Work on Software 

TOPSPIN

			This software is textile oriented ERP software. Based on VB.Net 2005,
SQL Server 2005 and Crystal Report. In Topspin 11 module are joined. My
roll is Team member and software Engineer and my module is HR &
Personnel Management.

PARIJAT

			This software is developed for the Parijat factory Lucknow. . Based
on VB.Net 2005, SQL Server 2005 and Crystal Report. In This software
cover the all actives are included. My roll is Team member and software
Engineer .

TopPerson

			This software is developed for the Human Resource actives. . . Based
on VB.Net 6.0, SQL Server 2000 . . My roll is Team member and software
Engineer.

Hospital Management System

			This Software is designed for the Addya Appolo Hospital. Based on VB
and Oracle 9i and Crystal Report. In this software covered all the
activity of the hospital. My roll is Sr.Software Engineer. 

Uttrancal Portal

			This Portal is designed for the Uttrancal Govt By TATA Consultancy
Services. Based On JSP and HTML. My Roll is a Team member. This portal
is developed in dehradun.

Pay Slip & Pay Roll

			This software is designed for the Postal department of India, Aliganj
lucknow. Based on VB and Sql Server and Crystal Report. My roll is
Sr.Software Engineer and System analyst. In Software covered employee
auto generate pay roll and pay slip end of the month.

Other Software

Netware Computer Center Software

			This Software is developed for the NetWare Computer Center. In this
Software have covered computer center activity.

Project  

Web Site of Ground Water Department		ASP .Net

		In this project main focus on ground water department activities
Production & Planning. Based on Asp.Net And Sql Server. 

Enterprises Resources Planning (ERP) 		Visual Basic .Net

		In this project main focus on Production & Planning. Based on VB.Net
And Sql Server. 

Telecom Bill Procedure                           	       FoxPro

In this project covered the Bill Procedure activity. This project is
based on Fox pro. 

					Educational Profile

Educational Qualification 

2002	Master In Computer Application(MCA)  	IGNOU

2001                    B.Com.                                          
 			Lucknow University

Certificate   

Certificate Of  Proficiency {Visual Basic 6.0}

2002			COMP-U-LEARN (Global Services)     “A” Grade

Certificate in computer application

2001					IGNOU                                	           1st division

					Personnel Profile

Name			Asit Sinha

Father Name	Mr.M.K.Sinha

Mother Name	Mrs. S.K.Sinha

Date Of Birth	19/07/1981

Extra Activity  

	Extra Curricular Interests- Chess, Internet Browsing  

References 

	Mr. Shantanu Sahay

	Cyabe, Pune

	9881135216

	Syed Raza 

	ATWSPL (Software Technical Manager)

	390/94 Husaini Gulistn, New najaf road,

	 Sadat Ganj. Lucknow

	9839537902

0522-2647672

Kuldeep Kumar

(Web Developer)

F-3002 Raja ji puram lucknow.

	9415752550

I declare that information given above is true to the best of my
knowledge. I would be proud to be associated with your esteemed
organization.

Seeking your favorable response

Date: _______________                                                   
                  Asit Sinha

